disrupt it.
All of that positive stuff is what we're
asking them today as well. Thank you.
Disrupt it. Yeah, like that.
Creative disruption. Yeah,
this is just what we spoke about last
week, really. So we talked about.
Grouping of teams and we decided we're
gonna have an e-billing UK,
an e-billing Australia and an e-billing
overall group.
And we're going to use a skills matrix
method.
So if we can see you guys skills matrix,
we can say when a case lands here,
if it's about topic A,
it goes to someone that's specialised in
that.
So it's kind of automated routing of
cases, which hopefully that automat.
I think that's one of the pain points
that you guys mentioned that that'll be
helpful.
We did an exercise. Sorry,
can we go back to the previous slide,
Josh? Excuse me,
what's the purpose of the understand
skills matrix and where we're going with
the different groupings?
Is that just a breakdown of our current
teams or is it what you're thinking about
going forward? Yeah,
that's the plan for for going forward.
Yeah.
So within the the different localised
teams, there's those horizontals,
but there's different kind of roles and
rights within the teams.
So there could be a a user in the e-mail
in UK,
could be a they're going to be a manager
there as well.
And those I mean all the little user
faces that's just thrown in for to see
what what it is. But yeah,
different roles within different teams,
horizontal, vertical.
What's the is the query that just is that
what we do today versus what the plan is
for the future? Yeah,
this is what we we took from our
discussion. But yeah,
please if listen from my perspective,
I'm not for anything in terms of change
and what does good look like and I think
this is an opportunity for us to explore.
What does good look like?
Is e-bill in a team that we can do
globally?
Does it have to be questioned in my mind?
Might scare the horses a little bit,
but does it have to be UK and Os split?
Yeah,
could it just be first cab off the rank
and goes to?
And we might not be there yet,
but I'm just,
I was just trying to get my head around
where you know the the direction of
travel, the way we're split here,
I suppose direction travel would be what
a workflow. So yeah,
you've got an invoice that's coming in,
you have to process it in the story.
Can be globalised,
but how it starts its journey,
those trigger points is what we're
discussing today.
Who raised it in which country? Yeah,
the heavy lifting from ServiceNow could
say, well, it goes to this group.
If it's over a value,
you can assign it further.
Maybe it needs more authorised,
but the overall.
Global story is probably similar,
you know,
so that's what we're that probably the
overview of that, yeah.
See it it.
If it help, if it helps.
So the underlying thing we're trying to
do is get organizational efficiency.
So what can we get the right ticket to
the right person who can solve it more
most effectively?
So you know how you're structured is.
Is or should be orchestrated to enable
that to happen really efficiently.
So it doesn't necessarily need to be a
geographic geographical split,
but what it does need to be is if your
groupings in such a way that, as I say,
the right ticket gets to the right person
who can resolve it most efficiently.
Yeah, yeah.
I was just trying to just where we were
Does that help that sort of thinking?
land.
We what the we were going to land on this.
I know that when you've gone through this
is a setting a global standard,
but having as Mark said the right support
model.
But you know partners,
lawyers are going to get that bidding
through etcetera in the right time and
get response as they need as quickly as
possible as well.
So I think it's about having the right
mix,
but also aligning to that global standard
as well and we'll see when we go through
all the processes later why why they are
split as such because you'll be able to
align.
This is a Australia focused process.
Access it aligns with that team.
So we're seeing more granular detail and
that's going to be the same as we go
through. So if we go through and yes,
I was going to say and it's part of the
first phase is trying to get it there and
ready in the platform so you can enable
some of that standardization and
simplification.
In the future that you might find
actually we can still further consolidate,
we can further globalize how we do things.
So this is very much a first phase with a
view to how do we push forward in the
future as well and I think E billing is
probably one of the processes that we
have the best opportunity.
To globalise more than any other process
that we deliver,
we do the work globally for every single
country and it's probably and some of our
clients are global.
So whether the bill is raised in
Australia or in Hong Kong or in the US,
if it's for Goldman Sachs, it's.
Goldman Sachs e-billing system.
So I just want to make sure that we don't
go down too much of A regionalized view.
So one of the things that I'm going to be
pushing these guys on over the next day
or so.
Is around why have we got an OS process
if we have compared to UK process on
e-billing because that doesn't make sense
to me apart from maybe people sitting in
different locations,
this process more than any.
Could, you know, should be globalized.
How we cheer the work is a different
thing,
but the process could be globalized. Yeah,
just to overlay into Mark's sentiments is
about that efficiency in your admin
process, how much retrospective admin.
Or rejection or E billing portal admin
can you do upfront,
you know could actually promote those,
you know reduce those error rates or that
rejection rate.
So that's also that we consider get that
validation upfront,
we could do service now do the heavy
lifting of that.
Can we come back to this as well after
we've gone through the process and then
understand actually could there just be
one global building differentiate between,
OK,
this person's available because of time
zone and schedules.
So now this can be scheduled in terms of
the case can also be forwarded,
but we can come back to this as well. Yep,
we'll see the scene spreading,
but absolutely agree.
Heading to global 100%. OK, yes,
we did a really good exercise last week.
Thank you for those pain points.
That's one of the best intakes I've seen
in my time.
This is kind of a high level summary of
some of the things.
We can fit them all on the screen.
And we're going to make sure that we we
keep these in mind as as we go through
and we'll bear these with us in design
looking into the the bulk of it.
So it's a little explained what it is
then we'll get into it nearly done with
the with the set up.
Debra, do you want to say key questions?
Yeah, again,
I think as we go through them,
we might combine some of them so we don't
have to repeat, you know, upload invoice.
I think there was there's quite a few
that we can go through them and say, well,
actually we've got different values,
they've got different teams,
they've got different clients.
So we'll be discussing going from each
other and it wouldn't actually fall out.
You can say well she last week I had this
situation where it was an over value of
100,000,
it gets processed in a different way that
is authorisation,
but we it is those key considerations or
maybe we can consolidate it with this or.
You know, as part of the upload invoice,
maybe the client has already got to be
onboarded before.
So I only want invoices for an active
client rather than an in that,
you know that that look up that could
happen.
So we're going to go through it hopefully
in an order that we thought was sensible.
And then start going through them.
There are two complex ones, Tim,
I think that you had identified that we
need further clarification,
but we'll probably do those last because
actually having reviewed them,
they will probably be easier to sign off
when we discuss the others.
Yep, yeah.
Again, I don't,
I don't want it to be a checklist.
If you look at it and go, Oh my gosh,
we're going to be here and not we're
going to be here later than time.
But then the things in my mind as we're
talking just prompt us for me, you know,
like do I have to do this quickly?
You know,
is this for a VIP or is it got an
exception or is there a scenario that's
different?
That's some of the things that we're
thinking about in the back of our minds
when we're doing the ServiceNow
transformation that makes the form and
that experience for what we call the
customer,
but the customer could be the requester,
it could be yourself.
So as it changes its date.
It is that experience for everybody to
make it more efficient each second away.
Yeah.
So we'll we'll bear all these things in
mind, yeah.
Consolidation then.
So you'll see when we get to the the
workbook that we've grouped a lot of the
processes into single things and
Deborah's touched on it there.
What things can be grouped in a logical
way that makes it a lot simpler for you
guys and also for the employees,
which therefore makes them use the system
more, which therefore makes.
It's a it's a positive cycle.
So we just have some kind of general
rules as to when we consolidate,
but have to be challenged on consult
consolidation as we go through. Generally,
if you look at the top right,
fewer catalog items,
better user experience.
Kind of makes sense everyone.
It's the the like if there's 150 things
for e-billing in there,
people are going to think what's you know
what to pick.
But if there's only a few and that makes
sense, then it's it's better experience.
You might have some asked frequent asked
questions about that.
That clears it up. It is clearer.
We can kind of handle all the different
intricacies generally of of these
different requests within one item and
we'll see that when we get into the the
workbook,
but that is a process as to where we are.
And here's just a kind of example view.
Deborah, if you want to speak to this one.
Yeah, again,
it's just having gone through your
processes, I've seen the onboarding,
e-billing, admin, admin.
Managing invoices where you've got
uploading, amending,
rejection rates seemed quite high given
my it seems like 18%.
It was quite a high percentage.
So I thought if we could maybe take
managed invoice as a service as a
recommendation.
A lot of that rejection rate and admin
and all the stuff that you have to do
retrospectively we could address.
So that's why I've consolidated it in
this way. Challenge it of course,
but I've done it in sort of an order
where you've got that onboarding time and
keeper rates and then managing invoices
and with any admin on the half of that.
Yes, Ruth.
18 OK, no, 80%, I think 18 percent, yes,
1/8, correct. So I can solve it.
I've grouped them as our recommendation
for the ServiceNow again,
but challenge that.
But we can work through that as as your
processes, yeah.
And this is we're going to be looking at
a spreadsheet in the back that looks a
bit like that in the background.
Here I'm trying to just explain what each
section is.
So you'll see this red initial view
column.
It essentially means this is the work
that's been done already on.
What so that's what Tim's done and what
we think it could be, for example,
what we think the group should be for a
process.
If you guys have responded in there,
we've included that response and we've
also included our recommendation for all
of these as well. But as Deb said,
this is a great for you guys to challenge
us. If this doesn't work,
please let us know and we will just.
To that as needed if there's regulatory
needs or etcetera.
But we have tried to consider everything
and we'll try to come to a decision for
everything in this column here.
It's kind of a workshop decision.
I've filled any of that now,
but we want to get through that if we can
get all of those done.
We can go ahead and start moving on with
the with the system.
So I think we're we're going to start
getting into it. Deborah,
if I drive the laptop,
if you want to talk through it,
I mean you might hopefully when you see
you sort of say actually we've got
another.
So the processes or we might have a
etcetera,
but I have consolidated them maybe in an
order which was logical to me of a client
onboarding.
Now I've seen your process that you've
got client onboarding and onboarding.
I was thinking is there other you know
just give you the names differentiates
from people onboarding which they did
last week.
So once you avoid calling on just
onboarding,
it could be client and vendor onboarding.
Is that it's moving forward calling it a
recommendation client or boarding
sufficient or does that capture
everything that you?
I just asked Deborah since even we're
looking at this from a client on board
and thank you for the rates, maintenance,
etcetera.
Is that what the forms will be on the
portal for people to ask? Yes.
So it will be, yes,
it will be from the requester side.
It will be client onboarding or a another
name client and vendor onboarding, yes.
I think what we need to just think about
is Lauren Megan,
the language that your requesters would
be aware of and what they would do.
And I'd probably ask like Lauren Simon as
well from a service catalogue perspective,
if we can look at what e-billings under
just now and see if we can align that
language.
But.
Yeah, I mean,
I mean the question would be I want to
onboard a new client or I want, you know,
the the dialogue would be the following.
No,
that would be some culture for those
three processes.
I don't know why there is 3 belongs to me,
why there is 3.
All these processes were captured before
manager,
so a lot of the stuff is duplicated and
lots of stuff could be wiped up
completely. OK, I mean,
that's reassuring to hear because having
read a lot of them, you've got on,
you know, new onboarding, onboarding.
Like new client and then onboarding like
new new new clients.
Are they are they one of the same? Yeah,
it'll all be the same.
It'll be a new client that we haven't
emailed before and they've asked us to
upload the invoice to a portal.
So it'll be else taking away contacting
the client, contacting the portal,
getting them set up.
So we can enable our invoice to go into
the system. Great. OK. And that client,
just asking you some questions,
it could have been a previous client that
are now inactive and then you might
reactivate them.
Could they be a child of a parent?
Clients. No,
it'll be the ultimate client is the one
that we, right? It's one to one, yes.
So if there's multiple subsidiaries,
it always goes into the main profile,
right? OK,
so this is the main parent onboarding
essentially.
And how do you handle subsidiaries?
They just considered child of that.
Onboarded client. OK,
so you could have two subsidiaries in two
locations,
but you're still dealing with it in the
one in the one. OK,
can I just check onboarding a client?
Do you ever onboard a matter?
Or is it all done from the client
perspective? It's all.
It's down to the client himself. Yes.
Yeah. OK. Thanks.
I just check,
is this in the theme of kind of
globalisations,
is this a a process that as you're
onboarding these new clients and these
entities,
particularly the parent entities,
that's a global approach and process
pretty much, yeah.
But sometimes the client will onboard us
globally,
sometimes it will be specific offices.
So then we have to repeat the process for
every office we.
But it's still done centrally. It's yeah,
OK, I won't.
And then from that,
sorry to not to go out too many answer
then,
but for specific offices you would then
have different regulatory and compliance
issues for them or the right to work in
that country, you know,
do you have free checks for that?
That we would do,
you might back and buy legal would do,
they would do that. Yeah.
So this is your effectively the request
is to on board.
So it sounds like this makes sense
consolidating those because they're all
somewhat the same and sounds like client
onboarding is also makes sense as a name,
OK.
Quick question.
So who would make that request to you
guys? Where would that come from?
Either it will come from if we're talking
about Europe or Middle East,
it will come from the finance office.
If it's Australia, it will be PAS,
London will be PAS or it could come from.
I think this is it could come from a
partner,
it could come from a credit control team,
for example,
through the portal to raise it rather
than say that an e-mail to you guys and
they came through the portal and they
were faced with a option to see client on
board and would they know what that means?
Yeah.
It's paying for them.
We don't need anything like e-billing in
there or anything.
Like I don't know what's there. Maybe.
Yeah,
it's like before that you've got in
client on boarding to make it.
So one we got a change to the NBI form,
didn't we? Yes.
To see this is an e-billing client,
this is, this is really,
this is probably one of our key end to
end processes across the whole of the
firm,
which I think probably the questions we
are doing is trying to land where are we
jumping in to the middle of a process
here.
Because it will start before it gets to
the e-billing team.
That'd be fair to see.
So that's why you're going to get it from
one of many different sources.
And I think the fact is on your person,
you've got partners, PE, credit control,
relationship manners,
other people that probably have that
visibility or can trigger it.
That that was going to be a question I
was going to ask is the the trigger point
is when you confirm the commercials,
doesn't it?
So you know well before you get to hear
if you're going through your commercial
negotiations and then you confirm you're
going to do some work doesn't that isn't
you know that is the point of trigger
when.
It should.
Yeah, someone signed something.
It should,
but most of the time we're not very good
at communicating information.
So we most of the time we don't get told
until that in Westlands and every box to
upload. So we've got yes what's upwards.
So with the MBI,
I'm just talking about getting ticked as
we're doing checks regulate to see if
there are any new clients so we can be.
Being proactive rather than being
reactive. So Mark,
you're you're absolutely right.
Theoretically you what you see is 100%
Yeah.
accurate.
The reality is the terms may not be
agreed and the first time we're trying to
get.
It is when we get the bill out and it's
when a partner is going, oh damn it,
I need to get a bill out and I've not
created and kicked off the process and
Yeah.
it's everybody's running fast to get the
bill out for month end.
And then the checks that we then do could
sometimes be short circuited.
So there's a minimum amount of checks
that we have to deliver before we can
raise a bill and it kind of goes back and
forth between a couple of teams,
not in our place, but we're party of it,
the.
Yeah.
It might be worthwhile if I share with
you guys and I don't know if you've seen
it,
but the whole end to end client matter
life cycle process where you'll see
there's about 22 people involved.
I can organise that to get sent through.
I've got it in a visual.
What?
An artist come in and draw it. Oh wow,
interesting.
So, so one of the things I I think,
I think that's possibly something that I
think there's an opportunity there
potentially to see how we can get early
visibility.
It's not necessarily going to affect what
we do now,
but it might just give you early insight
to kick this process off in a cleaner
fashion. So I think.
It's something it'll be worthwhile us
looking at and understanding,
but not necessarily for right now,
if that makes sense given where we are.
I check in terms like conflict check as
well.
Is that part of your onboarding process
as well, which is separate to this, right?
Or is it embedded into this process?
It's embedded into it,
so it'll be complaints to them.
Just.
Sorry,
can I ask another question in terms of
the any commercial agreements that you
have,
are they stored on a contract management
system or something like to where you
where your partners enter into an
agreement and what have you,
what do they do with that?
You know that documentation because if
they put if that's in a repository that
as soon as something lands in there,
that could be a trigger to get some
output from that to maybe be put us on
the front foot a bit.
I agree theoretically.
We have a terms module that sits on one
of their systems.
Can't remember the name of the system.
It'll come back to me.
Not all the terms actually sit there.
There's a small proportion of our terms
that actually.
Are held in a central repository.
That's one of the challenges that we've
got. I don't know if John Glen's online,
right? John has been working on.
Identifying some of our terms for a
different team that we'll work on this
week, which is rates,
and he probably would be able to share
some of the complexity and the visibility
of the terms is distinctly lacking.
OK, that's great. Yep.
OK.
Sorry, just so I'm clear,
what are for the e-billing?
It just seems like some of the processes
to me aren't clear.
Maybe it's because I'm comparing to other
clients,
but isn't that you onboard your client
like you do your conflict check,
you check them,
it's OK to do business with them,
there's no PR damage to you guys and then
it triggers that OK,
they're onboard as a client and therefore.
And therefore you can build is that it
seems like it's not a separate team that
does that or was that actually merged
with your team? No,
the conflicts checks are done by risk and
compliance and then.
It will be down to the client going.
If we want to be paid,
this invoice needs to be uploaded to a
portal,
so we then need to do that separately.
So that would happen and then we're.
on the back end.
Do we need to include data onboarding?
Yeah, just yeah,
be even in kind of what it would be.
My first one checks is an e-mail in
client and we don't get any client.
Yeah.
So you just want to differentiate that
it's so you don't get all sorts. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah.
The reason why maybe other processes from
other financial,
but but if you had a form one form,
for example, a service and recommendation,
you could be.
Checkbox whether it's the e-billing or
what you're saying maybe the requester
just says just onboard,
they're just sending stuff.
So you want to differentiate this
particularly for yourself and we might
come back to that only if there is
various onboarding processes for clients,
e-billing, maybe it's another.
For other things that it's one form that
is separated by work stream that might be
something else we could look at,
but certainly at the moment we can.
I think the final part on it will still
be decided based on how the overall
portal looks and how many steps we're
going through that obviously,
but if we have client.
Onboarding, we have it in ask people,
we'll have other things that set under
client onboarding.
So we need to make sure it's really clear
that it's e-billing. Yes,
people know where they go.
So we just capture it.
It may not look like that when it's built,
but it just depends what comes before it
and it's certainly separated as a very as
a particular process.
Have to.
When I receive an invoice for upload,
the PE might know that that client is
already onboarded,
the client is already onboarded,
but that specific office that the invoice
is supposed to go to is not.
So I get that ticket as an upload because
she she knows that the client's onboarded,
but that opposite that must go to
something that whole thing.
He's going to change back to client.
So we can also have to be able to trigger
that back to client on board because of
those in the different route.
Certainly if you're saying, yeah,
you there's an assumption in May the fact
that they're going to be on board or on
board if they can send you the invoice.
But you might then have to
retrospectively be saying then have to do
the client on e-billing on boarding,
is that correct? Is that correct?
The client office would have to be on
board. Yeah,
and I think probably as Mark has alluded
to, is those balancing checks.
Of upload invoice,
you know have they been on boarded is
active.
You know some of that conditions that may
need to be met,
but we'll probably come to that whether
you can receive an invoice for on on
board on on boarded.
Yeah.
Clients,
whether that's an exception that you
would accept it and then retrospectively
do that on boarding.
Dementia as well.
I know we talked briefly about
potentially using a third party or a term
like that.
So it's really just for information that
the the employee life cycle,
we're splitting that into three groups.
So we've got we're going to have a life
cycle for payroll employees.
Life cycle specifically for partners.
And then there's a third category.
We're still working with stakeholders to
to find what that's going to be called,
but that's going to be essentially people
who invoice us,
entities who invoice us need to be on
boarded onto our systems.
And third party is is one of the tales
that kind of gets kicked around there as
well.
So just all the context of the firm
awareness that third party can also refer
to third parties that that invoices
they're just.
We send bills to, yeah,
just there's no confusing for the user.
Yeah, I think. I mean,
I didn't want to just realise or simplify
money in money out,
but you're right to have third party in
Yeah.
additional invoices.
Thank you also within that.
At only come lower level,
we're standardizing the terms vendor and
contracting and things like that.
So I think it'd be good to once we get a
standardization on that if we get some
alignment on that.
So we want everybody's using them to mean
the same things because they use
interchangeably across the fund.
I think that's one of our challenging at
the beginning because I think Judge and.
Onboarding or do we have a client's new
building on boarding? But thank you, yeah.
OK.
Let me see if we've got anything to close
out. So schedule requests,
we know that's a no, then we all have.
I colluded that there might be some
conversations that go on,
maybe you're not party to that like that
you know that you might be able to access
that you could schedule them.
You know that in this in this database or
Yeah.
this repository,
we know loads of conversations have been
happening and you hear them maybe after
the event, but something.
You go to the moment we capture that it
isn't a scheduled request,
it's not a monthly activity.
You just get them ad hoc. Is that correct?
Yes. Yeah.
OK.
Visibility on portal to be aligned on
these groups here.
Do we miss anyone make the request? Yeah,
that shows everybody happy with those,
yeah.
Josh, just be mindful if you can't see it.
Parex raised his hand.
It.
Oh yeah, we can't see that.
Hey, hey, Josh. Sorry,
I was following the conversation.
Just a question,
maybe maybe it's been covered 10 minutes
back, maybe I missed it.
But my point is when you are saying you'd
be on board a client for a billing,
I'm sure the client has already been on
board because you have provided services
to them.
OK.
So your lawyers have been providing
services to them.
Is there a list available in a CRM or
some other place which could be which
which you generally used to onboard the
same client on the e-billing system or is
it the full process executed end to end
on the e-billing system?
Because I'm I'm I'm just trying to figure
out.
Where the client client information
exists in Ashurst as a separate platform.
No worries.
Yes, a parrot has. Sorry mate,
the bit that you possibly missed. Go on,
So.
I I only got. I only got.
go on in the room.
I'll defer to your knowledge, Mark.
You're far more better than me. Go for it.
So, so Perry, what what they were talking,
what the guys have were talking about is
they've got a term system.
So where they're they initiate the
agreements and what have you,
there is a system there but but the key
Got it. Got it.
point is.
This about consistency of use,
effectiveness of use and things like that.
So for me there's there's, you know,
just my observations and listening and
you're possibly coming to similar
conclusions.
I suspect is that these guys are doing a
lot of activity because there isn't sort
Mm.
of the appropriate maybe.
Controls upstream to ensure early
visibility.
The right things are raised at the right
time,
the right invoicing addresses are on a
system that can be utilized,
Got it, got it.
therefore they haven't got to change.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we want to as we're looking at this.
The I think as a collective we should be
thinking rather than us just responding
to, if you like,
the failure demand or the bits that need
to happen downstream.
What we need to be thinking in our minds
is what can we do?
It may not change what we deliver
initially.
But what can we do and what can we think
about and what can we prepare for to
enable us to put some controls in place.
So the failure demand of having to change
stuff or people requesting different,
you know,
situations that we're responding to get
resolved and protected upfront and that's
Yeah.
kind of what I think.
We're we're the the and the problem is
there's inconsistency.
Is that fair in the room?
It's just inconsistence or or or just not
available for you guys to grab, Yeah.
I think it's probably timing in order.
Eventually everything goes into 3E
because you know, 3E will hold the client,
you know, the client contacts,
the all the data that we need in order to
raise a bill. It's just.
Sometimes elements of that process will
be slow and sometimes it will get fast
tracked in order to raise a bill.
We have a CRM system interaction,
however interaction.
Yeah, that's what I was after. The CRM,
correct.
I was reasoning there would be a CRM
system.
So yeah.
Yeah, but we have two CRM systems,
one in Australia or two iterations,
Oh.
one in Australia and one rest of world.
One of the teams, data management team,
Yeah.
they keep the data In Sync between the
two systems.
But.
We are looking at that going forward,
but right now the quality of the data
that sits in our CRM system is
questionable because of we have two
versions etcetera.
So it's not the place where everybody
goes to parrot to say, oh,
what's happening on that.
Done.
Right.
Do the conflicts,
checks and everything because every
Right.
client has to have a conflict check
before we can do business.
Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Can't remember what the name of the
system is. It's Intap, Intap.
So everything goes via Intap.
Yes.
Got it. Got it.
So dermatool systems in play.
We'll find out in the background what
works best. That's fine. Thank you.
Yeah, you test to me. I don't know.
OK.
I suppose that that concludes that
somebody knew something before you
essentially that's what we're landing is
that if only they had told us what they
knew two weeks ago, three weeks ago,
four weeks ago, rather than I need it now.
So I think that's probably concluded that.
And it's getting that what they knew to
you quickly so you can be ahead of that
curve on your processes.
On the the exchange piece,
I think one thing we need to be doing as
part of this is to understand where the
best source is and do we have one that's
of a suitable quality to pull it in and
obviously from an integration point of
view we'll target.
Those that's got a good data sources
first.
We have got an EDP project which was
running and that will be pulling data
from such as E3 and whatever else and
there might be other platforms that would
be sensible to consider pulling in
subsets of data into that.
However, that whole, you know,
data structure piece,
I know we touched on it last week,
Julian as well. For every integration,
we need to make sure that we're taking a
a solid source. Yeah, but.
I think part of that long checklist that
we had at the beginning,
it was that entry dependency entry
triggers.
I think you've captured that very well.
Yeah, yeah,
some things there to take away.
So you can actually capture those
different. Yeah,
anybody might if you come.
OK, cool.
Just while we're on the visibility on
portal and who can raise,
is it a fair assumption that we could say
that everybody in the e-billing team can
raise all e-billing requests on the back
end? Yeah, well,
I think the back end is interesting.
We also thought modelling good behaviour.
Maybe you'll go through the front door.
Of things as well,
but you know you have access to be at the
back end as well,
but just that modelling so you know the
experience for your requester as well.
Obviously you'll be in the back end,
but maybe good behaviours that you
equally go through the front door,
but there's an e-bidding team you can do
that.
As a requester and a double hat as an
agent.
What do we want to capture that as a
requirement that we want to be able to do
that?
I don't think I've included different
visibility on the portal.
I haven't done that back end piece. Yeah,
I would be equally the requester and the
agent, you know, so you might.
To be doing it,
even though it hasn't come in as a
request,
you know that you're having to do it.
So you're both the requester and the
fulfiller essentially. Yeah,
I was wondering whether we just assumed
that the team could on everyone,
but but but we can't call it out because
there might be an opportunity.
Yeah, you probably,
there was some probably financial
processes where you don't want to be
marking your own homework, you know,
for and then the segregation of duty of
that.
But before requesting that a client is on
boarded, you're capturing that because.
To add to the count of the activity or
the reporting of it. OK,
but I'll make a note of that. Thanks Tim.
Thank you, Tim.
OK, Deborah,
I know we've got some suggestions here on
data capture.
For to to kick this off.
You may want to include that you capture
or I think there was a conversation on
the probably on that scenario was it
needs to be paid. Could you just do it?
Could you just onboard and could you just?
But the good behaviour it's capturing,
even though there might be this sort of
subset of fields,
they're still adding value to reporting,
etcetera.
So I'd capture some here parent company
known by any other names,
maybe they are known by, you know,
you refer to them.
You know, maybe it's a really long name,
but actually internally you just refer to
younger sex,
but equally they might be known as
another name externally as well.
So I put some recommendations here,
right to work in this country or
sanctions.
I know in the last couple of years
sanctions have come a lot.
Come up a lot for different legal
entities in different countries,
but I feel free. I mean,
there may be ones that you also say are
very paramount that you need.
Yeah. Do those trigger any?
And they're not,
but they're conversational pieces that
you today.
So if you were to go on to do it,
there's some recommendations there.
Hello.
Is the trigger just for like you
mentioned sanctions,
but what about like regulation change?
Yeah,
all of so it automatically triggers and
then it can tell you your billing is
changing or does somebody have to go and?
From the e-billing,
if I've got the fields on the form,
you're saying that there's a regular
regulatory change like IFRS 18,
for instance, yes. So it could capture,
you know, that sort of request to check.
So client onboarding could be new.
I mean probably we're probably discussing
new here at this point,
but there is that sort of when it comes
to admin, there are those requests,
you know additional changes to that.
So there are talking into functions that
can be done.
By the compliance,
risk and compliance statement matter
creation,
then we wouldn't be involved in
everything regulatory,
compliantory sanctions. Yeah,
that would all be done in NBIS and new
business intake. That wouldn't be done.
That's cleared.
We would assume everything's cleared and
we can proceed with our boarding.
Right.
So the so the name only that you get is
company name, legal company,
all that's been done as well.
And what other information then do you
need to like the yeah,
the portal that they're going to. Yeah,
portal name, yeah, name and date.
Is it from effective from when they send
it over, not backdated? No, we don't.
Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Lauren,
can I check?
Do you have a forum once you know a
client and you bill and claim?
Do you have a forum that you ask the PES
or somebody to complete?
So yeah,
I think that's what you're alluding to
now here to to remove that because as you
said you're assuming that 1-2 and three
have done that's inferred approval and
actually if we could capture that it's.
As your checklist, as you say,
that becomes an official check for an
audit trail for if you have to go back
and and it's supporting evidence that
those checks have been done.
So anything that you have on that.
A contact that we can reach out to and
that's name, phone and yeah,
e-mail provided. So you know,
contact the client.
Be if we have an OCG outside council
guidelines or building requirements.
So we need that to know how we can
deliver and to know what rates have been
agreed.
Is that the details of the rates or the
fact that rates have been agreed?
Are we doing, is it a panel agreement?
Is it are we doing the things that
standards,
whatever has been applied because we need
to put those into the portal,
so we need to know what?
Yeah.
And so is that likes to work on drop down
list rather than free text so that if you
put 15% or you have a specific group that
you have on those free dates, OK.
I was there.
I think that is everything.
Have you got a copy of the form, Lauren?
You can just here follow up with us? Yes.
OK, yeah, that's easy. Just for that.
Yeah, I have a couple of questions.
I correct.
I have a payment this is that we
constantly don't get information,
so we have to go back and forth.
Try and pull into the exact information
out so if we get it, we get it.
So that will say this client is on
boarding,
needs to be on boarded and that will be
it.
They won't give us any of this
information,
so we need to go back and then you have
to go and fill out the form correctly.
They don't give us everything,
so we have to go back again and.
You're like, here's an ambush, it's like,
hang on, we need to onboard this.
So there's a lot of back and forth.
So this was dead and that's totally what
we're trying to do here in the whole part
of the enterprise service management
program is that the focus from a change
management perspective will be to use the
forms on service.
Now, rather than emailing, you know,
that's not going to be a straightforward
change for certain groups of people,
but that is the approach that we're
taking.
So this is somewhere we should put effort
in to capture what we yeah,
I've said that we could be for.
Lots of quotes are that their seniority
or their is modelling good behaviour
throughout the whole of that ashes from
the top down and these fields would be
you know when you send an e-mail you're
just typing and you're getting and then.
Just pressing send,
but these forms are guided so that you
get as much information for you upfront
from the persons requesting it.
Is there anything that causes you that
prevents you retrospectively having to go
back, check, get this?
Or means more portal admin or whatever is
downstream.
This form is a great entry point to
capture that. OK, that's good stuff. Yeah,
looking at team it lands with.
So back to the the point earlier about
can we can we globalize?
So I mean is it, it could be that that.
So that form that you're talking about
those checks because legal and compliance
have done the legwork,
is it something that can be globalised?
I mean the fact that maybe it's been
requested in one country,
there is that logic that says OK.
That request is in this group,
in this domain,
therefore it goes to the UK or Australia
or an e-billing group.
But is there something that you would
prefer that it is just a assignment group
that's e-billing all?
Particularly,
I think was it Lynn yourself that said
globalised clients,
you know there's those that need to be
processed.
I think this could be globalised at the
moment we're working.
Well, I follow the sun,
so anything in Asia,
I'm not sure you have a handle on the
Brisbane team,
at least the US is handed by Glasgow.
Yeah, that's this way.
But there is a lot of crossovers with it.
Onboarding is onboarding it.
It's the same,
but it it depends more about the client,
about the portal.
It can follow different paths through
that,
but how it comes in to us is a request.
OK, that's good.
And on your dashboards it could be that
the on the form.
The location is picked up or confused or
however and on your dashboards you can
say OK,
it's been segregated for this side of the
earth or this side behind northern
hemisphere,
southern hemisphere and you can get that
detail so that you can go in and.
You know,
maybe in the UK you're handling these
ones,
but certainly it could be a global
process, but um,
split on the national eye activity.
If if it helps, if it helps,
it might be worth thinking from you know
if you think about a form coming in and
having like a level 1 triage type team,
you make sure the data is there,
you know they recognise where it is and
what have you and then have the the
ability to route to.
The appropriate resolver team or you
could do it from certain fields,
certain rules and then they route to the
resolver team and then if it isn't that
resolver team or they can't operate,
then at least the other teams will have
visibility of it and can pick it up.
So this is one about how you structure
your organization to enable you want to.
Make sure what you're getting in the form
is correct and concise and all the fields
appropriately order data provided for
example.
And then how do you route that to the
best person to then resolve.
So that might be just something as we go
through this is to keep in the back of
your mind what what could you do
organizationally to enable you?
To operate a really, you know,
a sort of greater control of, if you like,
what comes in the door and then the
greater control in terms of where it gets
routed. Does that help?
And can can how many people are in the UK?
So we've got a team of 10 globally, Mark.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. So it's not massive amounts.
So yeah, in terms,
OK. So, so, so the,
so the initial triage team is go on,
but we could still delineate.
sorry.
We can still delineate responsibilities,
but I think it's going to be, you know,
individuals more than, yeah,
it's slightly different from networking
Yeah, gotcha.
or network issues on that.
Robbie Mark of triaging,
it sounds more like that requester.
Does a lot of the input upfront,
which is your validation,
you know that they're not,
it's not free text.
You're going to use drop downs.
You're getting that once we have a look
at that form that will fall out.
So then when it's landed with yourselves,
it's on 90%.
Checked anyway, and Mark,
to add to your point,
that sort of segregation can come on the
intelligence of the input from the form.
Yeah, exactly. Yes. So, so, yeah,
totally get that.
So level one's irrelevant,
but the smart gathering of data to root
Yeah.
is the key. You know,
it would be the objective that we aim for
to get it to the right teams.
That would help a lot about I misspent
triage and tickets.
So with the onboarding we have two people
that manage the bulk of it.
So one person in Glasgow and one person
in Brisbane would be ideal where the
requestor comes in.
It then goes to those individual queues,
yes.
And that could be also assigned. Yeah.
And if they're unavailable, you know,
equally it could be reassigned too as
well. So that that that identity is there.
OK. So that's good group wise,
just so I capture it, right. I mean,
we'll say it's conditional.
Then we will write the workflow obviously
in the the back end,
but once we record team wise we're going
for.
Conditional routing, if you've got it,
but essentially you've got that.
I suppose the only question was that the
global clients that could just be we'll
talk about how they know maybe that's all
the skill metrics that global clients get.
Rooted. Is that a relief?
Right. OK.
So that's a that's a you know condition
that we can have in the form that if
global handled by Glasgow and it can be
reassigned if that's if you need to,
but I but I am hearing we still need a
delineation between.
Let's go. Yeah, yeah.
But one form that we've had, yes.
It'd be cool if it was the Oz.
OK, I think it is, yeah.
OK, all clear. That's good conversation.
Country specificity,
that's kind of what we just mentioned
there. One form country specific data,
yeah.
OK. Next in the flow, try to do this.
So it's the process that you do.
So you see the form in the portal here,
the fields you fill in,
who's who it goes to.
That's the that's what we're trying to
copy here. Other information. Yeah,
you've got some here different.
We answered it well in the sense that.
The legal matters, the regulatory,
the compliance is all done for you,
but once you I believe probably feel that
I put here are probably not applicable
now having done that,
but it's certainly I hear that actually
after the requester has done it,
you then enter information such as.
E portal name. Is it names?
Is it it just goes on one?
Is there one to one?
So each client has their own.
Is that correct?
Can I see that there were 59 portals?
Is that correct? Yeah,
but within those portals,
there's 80 clients listed.
What's that called? Sorry, Legal Tracker.
Legal Tracker has 18 in there.
There's another portion that's got 15,
some of them.
There's another portal to counsel link
that has I think about 12 on there,
but then there's one client in Bank of
America have their own version of it,
which is in a separate link.
So it's one-to-one.
So you enter one client or one.
Portal. No, no.
There's multiple clients within portals.
It depends on the client if they're paid
for their own specific one. OK, right. OK,
so if they want their own exclusivity,
can you put them on once?
Already existing logins.
So most of the time if we're on boarding,
say for leading tracker,
a new client that will just go on our
existing login that we've already got and
it's already got all of our information
in there.
So they literally just press that and
look at us up.
We don't all in these portals.
These are third party portals. Yeah, that.
Some other software vendor is selling to
the clients to help them and let's be
honest, reduce their legal fees.
That's the purpose of these portals.
So they will track and they will reject
things.
Just to give you a bit of perspective if
for instance I do not pay any any.
Any time for research so the the portal
will scour anything that says research
and automatically reject the bill or I
don't accept anything with a comma or any
grammatic in it bill rejected so.
We're not in control of the portals they
use and we just have to use that as a
vehicle by which we upload the bill. Yeah,
but you want to capture where that client
has been on boarded to essentially.
So that that's probably a good bill.
So I can take out those little things
that you're entering.
And post requests could be portals that
it's been on boarding to.
You might do accounts associated with
that,
but you can see they've been added on
three.
So presumably if you needed to or we will
get to it when you have your invoice
rejection.
Well,
I don't want to jump ahead particularly,
but does the invoice go on?
It only goes on one though in the future,
does it?
You would only upload an invoice to that
point, but if the client's on multiple,
you add multiple or you just add it to
one, just to one, just to one.
The client will only go into one or two,
right?
Some clients have two portals like first
stage,
second stage where they're going to be
difficult as I say, OK,
but it will just be in once it's in that
instance. OK,
so the field that will read portal name
dates.
Dates uploaded effective form.
So if you've uploaded it today,
but actually because the invoice might
have been dated yesterday, is your date?
Is there no validation that you just you
didn't know this is a very live date and
we can submit invoices.
Historic ones,
but sometimes we go on board and they
were like right with the last six months
of invoices now in the system even though
they've already paid them. OK,
so go live date plus effective date added
to portal.
I mean with that for reporting purposes.
Is it useful to have also activity with
them retrospectively?
It's less information that we need and
service now and you would like to report
on that in the future to get some
insights of.
We don't currently just say do we? No,
we don't now.
Every year I collectively look at what
we've on boarded to assess our growth as
well as the account and the amount of
invoicing we have to upload.
But would I be able to do that from
putting cases?
See that rather than having to have me
effectively.
Yeah,
I mean because that's what I'm doing at
the moment.
It will be on boarded all the on boarded
categories.
I'll put it and share well with that
financial year that was looking and then
just counting many on boarding requests
we received, right. OK. Yeah,
I mean they're just recommended,
you know when I was hearing that some of
your work is retrospective.
So if anything that we add these dates
that will help your reporting or anything
you've pulled,
it can be on the dashboard or standard
report that you don't actually have to
pull, just go in and view on there.
So it's really supporting what would help
you.
I just wonder as well if that's maybe
something once we've gone through this
stage,
we can revisit from a reporting
perspective.
So if we maybe understand what reports
the guy's currently doing,
we can maybe work it back for me.
Would that be OK? Yeah,
I suppose it's reporting is an
interesting.
In term and I know that there's a
directive on reporting that really think
about these fields of what questions do I
not have answers to today or what
questions would I like answered and that
goes throughout.
You know if only if I could answer this
question quickly,
how many clients did we on board last
week from you know those simple and
that's.
For example,
but if you wanted to grow that and plus
the number of invoices that we uploaded,
you know ServiceNow could consolidate
that information to apply on the simple
fields that we add up funds.
It's just something to bear in mind.
I mean what you say today isn't parts in
stone, it's not something that's rigid,
you know you can.
Have a thought later and say actually
I've thought about this or this is what
we do and it could be handy. Yep.
Good one for the parking lot, OK, Yep.
Uh, we've already.
Talk through that a bit. I workflow.
I think we've captured it essentially is
I want to all these clients and then it's
captured and you upload to the report.
I think you can come from.
I think that actually that's one question.
I think it was your own question that was
raised against some of the pros that can
also come from client or client portal.
Is that correct? Yeah,
the client can say now.
If they've got our details,
they can just request it from us to step
in.
The portal could say that we've already
got a profile and then just connect us
straight away.
So we're getting the portal.
So to perhaps like for instance,
if client from legal tracker decides
they're not using legal tracker anymore
and they're moving to hospital,
that would be another client on boarding
because they will be.
I'm sorry.
So the incentive client is on one portal
at the moment and then decides to move to
a different one.
They would obviously also let us know
that we need to onboard them on the new
ports on that and deactivate on the other
one or yeah, we don't deactivate,
just shut down on the uninfected date.
And I'm going as of this day,
we're going dark on this platform, right,
because we're going live on this day on
V1 and that do you get that through
e-mail at the moment? Yeah,
it'll be an external e-mail, OK.
And then for tracking purposes of
everything you onboarded as Tim was
saying is that you would go in and.
Effectively write a record that says
client on boarding or client off loaded
on from one and on boarding on to the
other. OK, that's good.
OK. Approvals,
looks like we're all aligned on that.
Debbie had a, you had a point there.
I think that a lot of the approvals,
parent name, legal,
regulatory is all pre approved.
And there's nothing. There's no.
Do we have any light checks on this? No.
Those are no peer reviews. No. OK,
just going back to that,
there are no special exceptions that
anybody that Bank of America might be,
but literally no approvals or no nothing
exceptional.
OK,
SLAS and we are going to have a follow up
session on SLAS finance in general in a
couple of weeks.
So I mean I don't know if we want to
really decide anything for definite here
or.
Kind of depends on that conversation
because it'd be determined by the comment
because they'll be like if we go in line
the next day,
we have to make sure everything's done by
that day.
It might not be for a couple of months
tonight. We're talking 10 months.
These will be reactive, right? Sorry,
did I hear that? Was that what I didn't?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah,
because the the thing that you want on
these ones would be if there's a task or
activity,
you'd want a target day and then you'd
want some sort of measure to say,
you know,
90 odd percent hit within expected target.
Midday or something.
So it wouldn't necessarily be a day's set
service expectation.
It would be one about hitting the date
that you needed to do it to get your bill
in or or you know,
OK.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. And as well,
we've got boarding. We can do it in a day.
just see what I'm getting at.
Sometimes it can take months.
I had one awarding this year that took
six months and that was down to the point.
Oh, well, so.
Yeah, yeah.
Because I'm assuming that there'll be
that you could potentially come into
roadblocks where if data is not available
to onboard that client or they're slow to
provide the data that you need to then
onboard, you know,
so you've got a number of,
how should we say a number of variables
that some,
some of them out of your control,
but then what we can do.
Is we can look to say if you've got a
state on that record,
we could put it on hold if you're waiting
for information.
So it's thus that it enables you to
measure your activity and workload
separate from perhaps what you know
what's outside of your control.
But that could be considered when you
look at your service.
Expectations.
Yes.
And you know Mark touched on it like that
workflow that you get so far, you know,
because you believe that the workflow
from what we're seeing is a happy path
would be new requests, work in progress.
Uploaded to, you know,
information uploaded, closed completely,
not very simple or you know new work in
progress, closed down.
But it sounds like you're in that
scenario that you keep mentioning the
painful six month on boarding clients.
What were the pain points that you
encountered that you had to await?
It's a complete we needed to have.
Uh,
public liability insurance documents we
needing to have.
So there was another document we had to
get.
We had to put our banking certificates.
So I had to pull these information from
all these other teams.
We then submitted it to the client.
It then took them weeks to look at it
because it goes to live and love in the
team.
They then came back with another question.
Answered it a couple of weeks.
Another question, right.
So it's there on boarding process, right.
OK. And then another couple of weeks,
another question,
another form to fill out.
And is that rare in like one or two a
year is that?
No, that's not what you're talking about.
Normally we can wrap it up in a couple of
weeks. OK.
So is that something you want to capture
on the board that on these requests that
you've completed or we've completed,
we get that right, we're waiting.
Our part, we're waiting. Yeah,
you'll find that would be a common theme
for our process.
We do our part a lot of that is is
waiting.
So that's something the fields that we
want to capture on there as well.
Then we can go back to fields is beyond
the standard state fields, yeah.
Um,
so our onboarding processes have been
completed with that essentially all
waiting information.
That's good. Thank you.
I think just going back on the SLAP piece,
I think the approach that we will take
that Mark obviously touched on as well as
looking at OLA level.
So your task level and what you're doing
in there that will then roll up to what
the SLA potentially is and that's what
we'll then discuss with.
Your stakeholders and things.
So we'll approach that in the same way
across ask and and kind of build it from
that way.
So probably something we can come back on.
Notifications. Yeah, those patients,
you know,
great service now can handle the
different state changes, etcetera.
But it would sound that probably you
don't want to keep getting emails for
everything that changes, so you would use.
ServiceNow proactively the dashboards,
you see the statuses,
everything that comes in is new.
So whilst you can have notifications,
I'm not correctly if I'm wrong,
particularly for high volume or this type
of activity which isn't triage per se.
Then using dashboards for activity to go
to, you can drill down in them might be,
you know,
something I've known in the past where
people just turn off their notifications
because they just go to service now.
Yeah.
So recommendations is that.
If you've got low numbers and it would
improve your SLA,
obviously it can be very powerful,
but for high numbers and your this
activity admin particularly,
it's probably recommendation to use
Yeah, the thing, no,
all I was going to say is the thing about
dashboards. Oh sorry Mark, when you go.
the dashboards is there is real to nil
near to real time as you can get them.
Whereas if you're relying upon sort of
notification and you don't see it or you
rely upon reports or whatever,
the thing about the dashboards is it will
flag up. So if you've got.
If you've got something that's gone over
time or something that needs needs just a
nudge,
you should be able to see it because you
can set rules to you know how that's
flagged and how that's presented in your
dashboards.
Yeah,
I was just going to clarify when we talk
about notifications, Lauren and Megan,
there's two sides.
So there's obviously internal
notifications for you as a team,
which Deborah's talking about there.
We would use dashboards very similar to
what we use at the moment and share well.
It'll be they're better,
but it's the similar kind of approach.
But you also have obviously if there's
requesters,
more notifications we send on that side
and actually they've got an employee
workspace that they would use like a
dashboard where notifications will get
sent rather than having to send e-mail
notifications etcetera.
So we'll explore what that looks like as
well.
We'll probably be a recommendation from
an ask perspective how we set that,
but there might be exceptions depending
on different groups of stakeholders that
we have.
So a partner might be different to what a
PE might be,
but we can have further discussions
around that sort of stuff.
As you said,
there's that different heads of requester
might be sending them and they might,
you know,
and then they get a notification saying
it's done and they're thinking, well,
I've inferred that it was done or,
you know,
how much communication do you want to
give them once they've made that request
they.
You know how much updates do they want.
But for your day-to-day, you know,
equally draw a notification every time
you get a new client that's onboarding.
Probably not. You'll go to your dashboard,
you can see them as new.
You can see them that they're three days
old, five days old, whichever you know,
you might want to view them this week.
Comes with that Wednesday and Thursday,
everything that's outstanding,
so you can clear it for the following
week.
You can have all those dashboards to
manage your what was traditionally your
e-mail activity.
Yeah, well,
particularly for assignment groups where
you're all getting the same e-mail and
inferred of. Is it for me?
Is it not for me?
Is someone else picking it up?
But when you've got that power,
obviously on those issues where it goes
assign to.
And that's useful,
but your dashboards is the recommendation.
So where did we land on notifications for
the requester?
So is there a directive or you're looking
at that piece as a obviously a piece when
we work out what the employee works,
what is the right wording for it?
I can never get the right word in the
employee workspace.
Is that what it's called?
Employee portal. Employee portal.
When they see their notifications and
like their progression of their tasks,
yeah, requests that they've raised,
whatever area that is,
we'll need to agree with that. It's like,
What you sorry guys,
what you might want to consider is that
I think we'll.
if something's been raised outside of
your team,
then it triggers A notification to say
we've got it,
we're working on it sort of thing.
But if it's triggered by a member of your
groups,
you don't need to launch a notification.
Do you know what I mean?
So what you can do is choose when you
target a notification and when you don't.
Did that make sense?
Yeah, I suppose for client on boarding,
what they want to know is, is it done?
You know, it's not,
it's not that I'm working on it,
Yes, we.
it's it's it's similar to like a network
that we're working on it,
We left.
but it's it's it's incompletion that
status when it changed to close complete.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, there's two things.
The first one needs to be that, yes,
we've got it and we're on it.
And then the next one will be it's done,
isn't it? You'd want those handshakes.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Mhm.
OK,
that's the last thing on our work book.
Is there anything else, Deborah,
you think that we need to know to put
this together?
There's a good sense of what we want to
look like.
The state changes,
I think we've captured as new work in
progress.
On hold,
waiting information closed complete,
I suppose the only.
Other you've got different things like
you've got rejection, you know,
do they get?
I'm assuming that it is an end to end
completion process whether you have
rejections or reasons why no,
not for on boarding, OK.
It's just assumes that it's been
requested that what's going to be done.
OK, no duplicates, don't get asked twice.
It's nice.
I think that is a good recommendations
that we have this one form globalised
view. That's a good landing point.
I was just going to ask Lord and Megan,
is there any other pinpoints on that
process that is frustrating?
That hasn't been discussed.
OK, cool. All right.
Great. I think that'll definitely, yeah.
Sorry, sorry,
I was slow getting off the off the mute
button.
It's a is we talk about pain points from
That's fine.
within the team on this process.
What are the sorts of things that you get
hassled by the customer on?
And are we addressing some of those with
the thinking here or are there anything
that say they keep hassling you,
ringing you up,
giving you failure demand as a result of
what?
I suppose the hassle we get from from our
request is internal.
It will be has this been done yet?
Where are we with that?
But I suppose that will eradicate those
when we put in the status as in going
Perfect.
waiting for client.
And Mark's want me to add to that the
field enrichment upfront by the requester
that they're completing this detail
rather than an e-mail would probably
eradicate some of that that turn around
as well.
Yeah.
Very good. Thank you.
All right, great.
If everything we landed on makes sense to
everyone,
I think that's in a good position.
Some things to follow up on,
some things across the board to be be
addressed,
but it's say that's looking pretty good.
That'll tick over here.
OK, we've got, I mean,
I did put in for a break at 11:15,
but we're about to go on to another
process and they, as you see,
they do take a little bit of time to get
to the people for a break now,
I think for the.
Sake of Yeah. All right, let's take, uh,
510, yeah.
There's on the call having a quick open
it.
What are we?
What are we agreeing back at 10/2 or?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, perfect.
OK.
And and then went with us to go under.
So you can take it. You ping me,
that's right. So I think I'm sorry.
This is your most expensive.
Start with you. Oh, it's safe.
It may sometimes make sure that trigger
the only only questions. Thank you. Uh,
it's yeah.
That's better that.
Oh, it's too much. Oh, it's.
Let's see.
So that means more aware.
So it was to see everything.
It's trying to draw out, not draw out.
It's still doing it as a they obviously
still.
I expect that,
but the the process is still done for
what you're testing for,
the same information. I'll have an e-mail.
Yes, that's right.
Yeah, yeah. OK. I can fine. Yeah. Yeah.
It's taking us two months just to get to
what we get. I just want the change.
From the change perspective,
it just seems like whoever's actually put
a wise there, they just need to turn it.
But usually the.
Of our customer. We've done this,
that it's the same amount.
It's not that things are nothing that
we've done.
You don't feel like happy to build.
It's partners we have to be in contact
with the day. That's true. Yeah, exactly.
So that's why I'm just to do that.
If you've got enough time yet,
please do this.
What managers we have. Sorry,
I think it was like you think of that.
Yeah, you know, I can choose by. I mean,
I mean, it's not really. Sorry,
things have been mentioned.
I think to put me on the spot.
But before,
I don't think it's the whole time. Yeah,
I think you should find it.
I didn't want to say what one. Yeah,
that's what. But normally, if we do work,
we all trying to get shuffled.
No, thank you very much. It's OK.
I know it's, you know, it always doesn't,
you know, trivialize it.
It's just considered what would be the
pain doing it.
No, no, no. Oh yeah. I went through.
It is services.
Yes, yes, yes, then we'll show you, yeah.
I mean in the new books in 22 you might
say it's just one,
but with variations of again,
I don't want to trivialise it because
it's not and you're actually,
I think you're the highest in all the
work streams.
Yeah, yeah, we're processing something,
but then it looked more actually that's
just in versus then you get notifications.
Yeah, every time.
I thought your activity on the count of
Tim's was like 6 that, you know,
there was a nap,
which if you think across to you,
probably like 50, 60, 70,
there's a lot of stuff every time.
Does it feel like that every 5 minutes?
Yeah, because like everyone's show up.
Like it's about 140 tickets constantly
doesn't go down.
But I think it's just in the at the start.
We've got on top of everything.
What team will give that to you?
We'll stop when I'll call your emails and.
Oh, then I'll.
So when you you like the meeting here,
I was sleeping last week and that's good.
Yeah, that were really good.
I'm very productive in this time.
They were done in a very different way,
which is also fun.
Well, I think there, I mean,
since now there's certain things that you
can take off the shelf where you might
sometimes it doesn't say, it's a nice box.
This is like it's all sorts of the
reference on your CRM.
So how you use the heavy lifting over.
Well, the most, it's it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's.
OK, I understand you. It's like,
it's like, it's like,
I don't mind not to make the same.
Two weeks in.
It's definitely not all good. Oh,
my interesting. Uh, not really. So I, I,
what you do is, uh, yeah, do it.
Weekend. That's nice.
And then I kind of do stuff on there.
It's awful. Yeah. I mean, it's like.
Yeah, I mean,
that's whether I was expecting. I was,
yeah, I don't think I,
I was very important about those,
you know, when I arrived,
I had to come back to that. So, yeah,
that's what's.
Thanks, Councillor.
Yeah, brilliant.
Because that all looks very American.
What's the architecture? It's well,
we don't just now as well. Oh yeah,
we have a brother similar.
Yeah,
so you just don't go there for the big
gender. We should get out,
even though 10 miles out,
was it a bit green?
I've got to be still like towards the
host. I mean, you need to drive out.
Yeah, that's what I have.
That's fine. It's only good. Yeah,
that's something. Hello.
They stayed there as soon as I could.
Are you from? Yes, I'm. I'm right.
I'm between the rest of them.
Yeah, well, we can't. We can't. I mean,
well, I mean, I'll have like,
I'll plan on having. I didn't. I didn't.
I didn't see what happens, but yeah,
it's good.
Right. I think the things we need to get.
Oh yeah, yeah, I'll do it this year.
Both sides of my parents. Yeah, it's not.
That's mid. Yeah, well, not.
There's a place in.
That was really quite rare. Yeah,
I think it's because I don't really think
the last slide. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I'm breaking the chain now.
Oh, yeah, sweetie. All right. Yeah. Yeah.
Just like, I can slide on the fence.
I can do it. Yeah. No. Do you guys, Bobby?
I don't know with myself. I like.
I'm sorry. I need to. I need to.
I need to. I need to do a lot of things.
So happy third line.
Yeah, with the HSBC and the canal. Yeah,
I did go back for about five years and I
went back. You know, it's actually,
it's all right. Oh, yeah.
But Brinley Place. Yeah,
that's quite nice. Now,
isn't it along the canal? Yeah,
that's probably it. This is far.
Or the winds.
Yeah.
So that was the only thing that was
really. So that would be as well. Yeah.
And then it produces. Yeah. Yeah.
Anything you say actually,
even though there are maybe,
I don't know Josh,
there's account on there for you even.
What? Sorry. Thank you.
Thank you for always.
What do you want to see a count of?
Just observed. Thank you for breaks. Oh,
sorry. Um.
Sorry.
Some of them, not quite Mark, nearly.
Are we back on, Joshua? Not quite.
OK.
Yeah, that this is a side quest.
There's a there's a scenario to build a
workflow. So that's an operating system.
OK.
No, I'm sorry.
I don't think you're gonna ask if you
wanted me to say.
Oh, no, it's not.
And they want to wear it to their
patience panel,
since they have a resolution.
What's the problem?
If there's not the great part of it, yeah,
I'll be.
When we were doing this.
It's something that it's a it's the signs
you know.
Yeah, it would be on the document left.
I was thinking I'm sure that's good.
All right, Yep.
Another minute, Mark,
everyone on the call.
OK mate, just waiting. No worries.
You can hear everyone in the room, Mark,
when they're speaking into mics.
Say again?
Can you hear everyone in the room?
Yeah, reasonably well.
There's a there's a couple of times where,
depending on how far someone's back from
the mic, we can't always hear it,
but it's pretty good.
All right,
my my teams didn't show that we're
connected to the mic,
which is why we delayed the staff.
It seems like it is connected, so.
OK, well, it certainly is cause.
All good. Yeah. OK.
I have now maybe I don't know this order
timekeeper and rates maintenance next.
Now you might say well actually that.
Might be captured prior to client
onboarding,
but you've got some activity here.
What did I say with the count of nine
processes with here and it could be as we
were just discussing one process with
scenarios that come off it, you know,
so the rules that if you enter this then
there's certain other fields that.
Appear, but maybe a good starting point.
Maybe just share sort of the overarching
timekeeper.
So this is the creation of new timekeeper
rates plus its maintenance or updates
based on that.
Client that's been on boarded,
is that correct? Is that a good summary?
Pretty much, yes.
So each every CIMA in the company working
on an e-booking client,
we have to log their details and profiles
in the client portal and it has to be
arrayed as well and that has to be agreed
and approved by the client.
Partners down to legal analysts,
paralegals.
Everyone has to have a red box.
If we don't have it in the system and
it's approved with an effective date as
well, the invoice will be rejected.
So any time keepers working on the
monitor we have to.
OK.
So as part of you effectively get a new
request, would you,
is it or is it an internal activity from
yourselves associated?
So we've got our timekeeper rates
maintenance process which we're doing.
Monthly,
every two weeks and we're capturing
reporting from 3D all the need to all the
new chunks of reported time on a matter
that haven't previously done in the last
month. So we'll look at that report.
We then look into a automation.
What that we have and it verifies that
data against the portal data,
spits it out and tells us what planning
things we need to upload. Very new.
It's only happened this year,
which is super exciting that we can do it
actively rather than reactively. Yeah,
historically we would only get notified
if we attempted to upload an invoice.
And it would get rejected going.
This time it doesn't have the approved
rate.
So we have to submit those every year.
When at the end is matricular when they
move up their ranks,
the new rate has to go in as standard
rates change every year,
so they have to be updated.
If there's a new panel agreement,
they have to be updated.
But it sounds like and so do you have the
timekeeper, timekeeper rates?
Can I assume that that is one?
That's one activity.
You can assume it's one process,
so create new or update.
In the system, Yeah. OK.
And is there consistently that level,
as you say,
from partner to associate to junior,
it's a standard terminology that all your
clients are the same on each point
towards?
Technologists and clients will call
associates that and then they'll have
lawyers or they'll be see differentiates
for senior associates.
We have sort of this other category which
includes technologists, legals,
legal managers.
Each client will refer to the difference.
So we need to know what they will accept
and accept, because if we do it wrong,
they can reject it or they can approve it.
And then if we've done it wrong,
then they want to submit it in the system.
It's locked in for the next year, right?
OK, so it's locked.
So then long enough that once it's
uploaded, it's locked essentially.
A few clients it's locked in,
some of the other clients a little bit
more flexible. OK, so on that.
So if you'd say for someone requests new
timekeeper rates,
would it be safe to say that you would
then have your again your parents client
equals active?
That I've set up,
then you would start adding these rates
per hourly rate.
So that will go in and would would it be
helpful, as you said, if you took a?
Of course,
if you took all the terms of these rates
and as you said across all the different
lines, there might be 20 different names,
will it be then useful as recommendations
as now to have those?
Legal to associate to to get some
consistency of language that you can then
upload.
So with this it won't necessarily be
request done with the business.
This is more of an internal reaction to.
The request upload, yeah,
or if it'll be the planking manager.
So it wouldn't be the PE partner or
anyone in the program.
We need to update our rates. Yeah,
it's down. Yes. OK.
So we would that be from Rama?
No, no.
So it's just something that you actively
manage.
It will come from us attempting to submit
an invoice and it be rejected or it comes
from the timekeeper rights process,
maintenance process, OK.
Just so sorry team,
just thinking that one or listening that
A.
one through the the if we were to target
removing that reactive piece that you
invoice something and you've got some
failure demand,
what was the what did you say was the
other mechanism that rates get agreed?
Is there not a logical trigger?
From there,
that just gives you a task that we could
This is what this is what we've replaced
the timekeeper rates maintenance space.
sort of leverage to give us a task.
So we don't get informed every time
there's a new rate or a new timekeeper
logging time.
It will be on this timekeeper rates
maintenance that will call the report of
all the people that are working on these
clients.
And this is at the moment,
it's only for a certain group.
We've got 20 clients that we're working
on at the moment,
but the aim is to get it rolled out by
the end of the year financial.
Right, OK.
So you do this proactively on the back of
that timekeeper rates report that you've
handled.
Which currently which are migrating all
of them. Yeah, yeah,
the ones that we can do,
there's one more tool that is completely
known that we can't,
but everything else will. OK, OK.
And so on the back of that you would then
recall potentially as you said,
this is internal this.
In sense there will be your activity
being logged,
the fact that you've created a new or
changed existing. Yeah.
So what would happen is I run the process,
it's it's out all these reports,
I then send them individually a client
and then the SME will pick them up to
then upload those rates.
OK, yeah, that's.
So you send them,
let me just go back to the new,
you agree the rates, you get the rates,
you enter it,
then you give them to just tell me who
they've been sent to. The team, the team,
because we break it up by client.
So you have just Goldman Sachs,
you submit Goldman Sachs rates because
they're very familiar with it and they'll
know what.
Rank we need to use for and you have that
skills metrics defined,
you know each of you.
So in the background we will get to that
that based on this, it's Glasgow, it's.
Yeah.
And do you do you have like a QA check
once you've changed those rates just to
somebody look over the shoulder,
just check the data's right so you don't
get invoice failure downstream?
I normally do it initially before I send
the reports out to the team,
so I'll check that that rate matches up
with our rate card.
Gotcha. OK.
And if it's wrong,
then I'll go back to Rama and share if
it's going for a different rate.
So we're going back to the beginning,
getting that over, if that's OK.
So recommendation is that we've
consolidated.
But not trivialised. Again,
I don't want to think that just because
it says one name that it doesn't imply
that there's lots of work associated with
it.
So you've got this timekeeping rates
maintenance that you will be doing as an
internal you effectively in ServiceNow as
one.
Service. Is that fair to say?
That would be our recommendation. Yeah,
that's good.
And then from that it could be new or
amended. Is there another scenario?
Do you really reject or remove?
I think we've rejected it would be a
notification from the.
If we submit the rates in client,
then we'll approve or reject and that
notification comes to us.
So if it's approved, great,
we can upload our invoice if there is an
invoice attached to it. If it's rejected,
we have to then look at it, analyze it.
If the client's given us notes, great.
If not, we have to then backtrack,
try and figure out why it's been rejected.
So you've got a root cause analysis part
of that. OK, and is that a triage?
Is that a freeze?
It could be standard reasons why you have
that rejection sometimes. I mean,
I'm just thinking that you can report
upon it rather than free texting.
We didn't have these fees in ServiceNow
and recommendation that you know if it's
this particular level one rejected,
it's just right.
But you want to be from the client or the
client portal. So we're not don't have,
you're not Privy to that one. OK,
can I just ask a quick question on the
rate count?
And where is that master here?
What is that in?
That's in the rates folder.
The Rama teams,
the rates administration team manager
folder.
They have all their rate cards within
that within that. So then it gets into 38.
But we look at the PDF version.
So see we're dealing with multi
currencies. Yeah, right.
So see he would have the rate counts and
the exchange rates. Oh,
the exchange rates are done monthly,
so they wouldn't have it.
Drill down like that,
it would be depends on the client.
Normally it would be done by the
timekeeper's location.
The home office and has that default.
Yeah, yeah, OK.
So the initial view that was a scheduled
request and I think the response was no,
but I'm getting a sense that you could
schedule a lot of this activity based on
that report that you're.
The thing is that has, yeah,
it's only for its maintenance,
normally done the second week of the
month. So that's the scheduled. Yes,
that is mentioned there. Yeah, first one.
Yeah, that's good.
Is that from a schedule case and share
with him? No,
but that would probably help to have a
prompt though to run it. No,
I just at the moment it's just done.
It could go in.
What would be the reasons for it not to
win?
Another set of reports that you're
already managing. More traffic in your.
Yeah, well,
remember we will be using Sharon.
So the ServiceNow.
I think for me it feels like a schedule
case that then prompts the report to be
run and where do you run the report from
Lauren?
Do you pull that from different sources?
And does that go into a spreadsheet just
now for you? Yeah,
I have to pull those to you guys to dump
into a spreadsheet and then put it into
the.
So we do have a bot.
That's that's the new process, isn't it,
Lauren?
It's just we've got there is AI that does
a piece of work around that on the
spreadsheet at the moment.
I'm not sure how that will work.
Yeah,
I just pull the two spreadsheets and then
you can, yeah, compare. Yeah.
And then if what does the what doesn't be.
I wonder if it's worth demoing.
Is that something you would be able to
demo on? I don't mean right mistaken,
but I just mean.
Could you show how that works and how the
bot runs,
'cause it very good to see what that
looks like. Yeah, it would be good to see.
Yeah,
I understand that if there's some sort of,
particularly if there's a scheduling on
the back of that, it could be.
Schedules that to run and then compares
and then you get the rates and then you
get the difference.
Effectively it's outputting the
differences that you need to update.
It's probably a question of do we
actually need to replicate it?
I don't know,
but it may be worth you seeing how it
works and what it looks like,
or if you can even get it talking to each
other. It's just if there's a need,
I'm not sure.
But you would obviously still want to
point everything that you're doing in
here.
And how many, what percent,
how many are you doing a month?
So how many about 20 clients for doing
the environment?
It's got the hundreds.
I'm keeper rates to upload each time.
Each each month that other actually.
So that's a a change or a new or a change.
Oh yes, I would change it.
So I would have moved off around and then
need to speak and try or a completely new
time to keep the person to actually speak
to the client and we need to submit that.
Twice. OK. That's it. Thank you.
It's not part of.
I'll put that on the on things for them
if they won't.
Yeah,
so the whole scheduling point if you
might be dependent on.
How that looks. Let's refer back.
I think we can separate it out because
the timely maintenance is the starting
process in itself and then the other is,
yeah, that makes more sense.
Potentially, yeah.
This is capturing the fact that you've
done that activity that's surviving. It's,
you know, in its first recommendation,
you're capturing that they're new and
they're changes and the changes.
Can be proactive and reactive.
So you're reacting to a rejection,
as Mark would say,
the trigger points you're rejecting to,
you're reacting to a rejection,
which utopia would be actually those with
our good balances and checks that goes
away.
So that this activity is a proactive new
and updating, as you said,
new there's a new associate or new
journey associate or whoever comes on to
add to the the feeling within that.
Maybe that is a separate what we've just
discussed that the process in itself is
something we can park for now,
but certainly our recommendations that we
have this one form for the new and admin
and the scheduled.
Ones would would trigger this as well.
That's OK for reporting. Yes, yeah,
this would trigger. I mean,
it could be the placeholder. I mean,
if it's something you have clients,
a bit like a recurring invoice,
you have clients that do the same.
Admin check.
Is there one particular time that
actually every month there seems to be an
update and you know that it's going to be
a recurring admin task for them? No,
just me. Is that possible? OK,
because sometimes they could be scheduled
that you say it's recurring and therefore
it does it for you as a as an activity
and that could be created.
But it doesn't sound that there's
recurring schedules.
I would say that this is probably not
scheduled, is it?
I don't do it in that way.
It's still an activity with an SLA of
like 30 days and you're doing it within
the month, OK.
So we're in the schedule bit when we're
it's a bit more descriptive, isn't it?
How do you want to capture it?
If we're we're consolidating all, yes,
we haven't got the.
So they're not scheduled.
They are the new or the change. Yeah,
I would just say that they are.
They'll be ad fault.
And probably.
But can I also clarify that you might do
it straight after the client on boarding
as well? Yeah,
because that trigger a dependency, yeah,
if it's more a regional office.
And it's just that office can onboarding
the client,
they will be able to provide us a list of
who's working with that client and we
will do those right as initial step.
So because we have a global client,
it's yeah, yeah,
I mean it could be that we if we go back
one for the form before I'll,
I'll update it, but.
If new clients,
it could trigger the time keep away
process and therefore automatically
creates the new request of it's in your
schedules activities.
That's something we can do. Yeah,
which exit trigger of the.
Previous crying involving certain person
activities been triggers. Yeah,
do you want to record that as a as a
notes and.
Yeah, I still wanna mess with the format,
but yeah.
And then your assignment for that could
be with again with your skills matrix can
be assigned to will it go back maybe to
the same person that's doing the client
on boarding? Yeah,
it could be any other person who doing
the boarding will do the best invoice and
then order it.
Process notes for the client and then it
gets banded over well to the rest of the
team, right.
And then that will get assigned in the
skills nutrition who's going to pick up.
OK, good. Cool to trigger. OK, good.
Thank you. OK. On the portal visibility,
what I'm taking from is it could be
triggered by by that means from the
onboarding.
But it could also be ad hocs of you guys,
but only be you guys trigger in that.
But we are just making a point of
recording your team for instance.
We've had it recently and client they're
just under any rate agreement, so it was.
Commercial finance because then you're in
the rate agreement that when negotiating
with the client a new rate card and
everyone is new rate card,
this needs to get put in the system.
That would be the only instance that we
have it internally that we need to update
a rate.
What were they called again? Sorry,
internally, yes,
our commercial financing with then
negotiating a new panel with our client
or a new agreement,
they will send it to us and we like these
need to go in the building and they need
to be updated. So that that's a by them.
Uh huh. Um, that would be the only.
Not just.
Team engage that that commercial finance,
did I hear that? Great. OK, got it.
And they might do that more,
but it's not one or the that's part of
their processes.
Certain clients, yes. OK.
So it could be that they're the people
that see it front facing on the portal
and that they can revise that's and keep
the rights to you. Yeah,
it's very few where the P.
Submit it and say,
can you please check that these fee
earners are in the system because we
planning to invoice. OK,
so being a scenario very involved between
the table. So once,
once or twice have received that request.
Yeah, just go into the system,
make sure these fee earners.
OK, they're asking to check.
They're they're asking to see if they're
already there.
Did they ever ask to upload? Yeah, OK.
Just the upload says sorry,
but it can't be uploaded today.
I need to sit with the timekeepers first.
Yeah,
we just got to make sure that they are in
ready.
But do they ever ask to upload from
scratch? Ask to add from scratch?
So you can request your upload and then I.
I realize that I can't upload because
timekeepers aren't in certain checks with
some clients that we do also directly
just to make sure that the timekeepers
are in before uploading. Yeah,
so that we can prevent unnecessary
rejection and I will see the type of
response in yet because maybe the report
Yep.
alone is run between the time it's being
run.
Yeah, I see. OK.
So is that is that something that they
how do they ask you to do that check?
Do they just ring up or do they send an
e-mail say can you check?
And to send an e-mail and say,
can you please do check that ABMCRE
Yeah, OK. So there could be,
there could be like a data check or we
report? Yeah.
could create a very simple request item
so that you can track how many of those
you get, whether it's common,
whether it's, you know,
do you know what I mean?
So you can get some insight into that
just via like a data check and then they
can tick box that what what is it they're
checking.
And then that will give you the ability
to capture and track that work demand.
I was,
I was thinking Mark more because it
sounds like there's just one a few,
one or two of them that check it,
whereas everyone could check,
couldn't they?
You could be innovative to say have you
done it?
So all this is part of a process that you
go through so that to remove those
questions that they feel confident that
they're in. So Mark, I was thinking.
Not building it into a request or a check,
but it's actually within its own process
as you're going through client onboarding
and the rates check and they feel
Yeah, but I thought, yeah, no, I yeah,
I understood that bit.
confident not to us.
I thought there was a chance that there
through an overlap of a report being
generated and adding that there might be
a smaller subset demand that's that's
where.
Yeah, they can't. If it's not on there,
will they ask for it sort of kind of
thing or will they just request a check?
Unless I misheard,
I thought there was a report ran and then
if it's.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's correct.
It comes from the overlaps, doesn't it?
The time of running it and between the
time of running it and the time of doing
Yeah.
it, the update. Yeah,
just been checking if if I want, yes,
OK.
yeah.
Yeah,
I just wonder whether that's the general.
Where do we capture it as a query?
Is it part of this one?
It's part of the admin.
Maybe you want to have a look at it. Mark,
if you don't mind part of the general
admin request that you get.
OK, all right. Yep. Want to follow up? Um.
One second. Yeah,
we'll put that like that.
As long as we've got a note on it, yeah.
Thank you, Mark, for that. Yeah, thanks,
Mark.
OK. And data inputs for said requests.
Debbie made some suggestions here.
So when you're creating them,
you would have this sort of structure of
legal,
you'd have literally all the skills level.
Presumably an associated rate.
I mean you get the sort of, as you said,
there's a default currency probably at
their locations,
but does everything also convert you have
an exchange rate for reporting?
It's all in sterling or?
Is there a is that not it can just be
whatever's currency's entered and you
have that conversion rate every month.
That's the conversion rate's fixed every
month. Yeah, when we're doing our rates,
it's normally I'm going two ways.
It depends on the high and it will either
be by matter level, so.
Whatever the matter currency is going to
be, we're in euro,
it will be their euro rate.
There's another way where it will be the
timekeeper's own currency converted into
whatever currency. Yeah, it's.
Can we go fast? Thank you.
So Councillor, so if you've got,
you've got and they're not named,
are they?
So you have or are they named along it?
So you just have lawyer,
certain rate per hour,
but not names within those timekeeper
rates.
It's just their high fall that's captured.
We're talking for a rate uploads. Yes,
it would be their fund people ID,
their fund people name, OK, their rank,
their rate,
the date that they deal is fine.
So the effective date.
And they're standing right as well as
something.
They're right on standard right. Yes,
and they're right. They're right on this.
Lots of notes.
Not to add complexity that that would all
be in one currency. I mean, you don't get,
but then you'll be time keeper,
vacation time, vacation, currency.
So yeah, I don't have a screenshot,
maybe I can just have a picture of that
and then um, but that makes sense as well.
Um.
And I know that we thought that we're
aiming to get towards this globalised
form and I'm not sure,
I mean is that is that applicable?
Do you have any variations across
Australia or the UK where that differs?
There wouldn't be if as in process.
It is different depending on high end and
and then on where the matter is in
location, but how we process it,
how we upgrade it, submit the rate,
it's exactly the same location. OK,
that's good.
OK.
OK, it's got the effective start date,
end dates.
Yeah, I've got.
I've got those fields written.
Ian Lanswick is yourself who's got that
skill metrics that may be picking up
associated with.
I don't think he's brought skills metrics
with you that you can share that we can,
you know,
makes that auto assignment a lot easier.
Maybe so to a certain value,
it goes to a certain group and I think
we'll get on to that in a minute,
but if if it needs approval based on the
information added we can,
but certainly within your group as you
say there's 11 of you who that gets
associated with based on the patriots.
It's most of the time at the moment.
It's like who's done this, right?
Who's working on this?
So it's trying to figure out and assign
it where it just goes to the skills
metrics. Yeah, yeah, that's good.
As it's first landing point, of course,
that's not said it's only can reassigned
or I'm working on this.
A particular one.
I've worked on this before. As you said,
it's separated by clients. You know,
person always works on Bank of America or
whatever it might be,
but I could be also a scientist on.
We need the same logic regarding the
split low locale wise, OK.
Next Yeah, it's just.
Yeah, definitely, yeah.
Yeah,
we've got one forward capacity to have
specific data within them and different
routing based on that.
Yeah, one form. Um.
What rates and date range,
I think we've covered that.
I think the productivity of that,
whether again the bit we discussed with
the client on boarding,
whether you want a placeholder that's
waiting information,
what information you need.
Is there any supporting evidence that you
need to capture as part of that, you know,
agreed with the client, agreed with the,
you know,
there might be some additional things
that you inferred today,
but we should capture on the the form.
So, for instance,
I get the form and have the rights.
I can't. I'll just keep it open. Pending.
OK, waiting and waiting and answer.
So you can wait and approve. Wait.
That's good. And then who formed,
you know,
a supporting evidence you say who's a
couple and that approval has come from
and it could be a a named person. Yeah,
OK, OK.
It'll just be a notification that comes
in. So really,
you want that notification to be able to
come in and identify what case it's
assigned to, just like that change here.
Yeah, it can. Yeah,
these will have a case number anyway.
And we sequentials that created.
So it could be referring.
I suppose what would be really helpful is
if the system can be smart and because
the the notification will come through
the portal without any of the ServiceNow
stuff on it.
So it's understanding that it can then go
into the existing case that's already
there because at the moment.
It'll come in as a case and it'll cut a
new case and share well and then the team
will need to apply that and tie them
together.
So if we can do some thinking around how
we could do that,
if it's particular language that comes in
the e-mail and it's a tied to the client
or.
The portal or whatever,
whatever that identification piece is.
Into it, yeah, yeah.
I recognise I may be asking for more. No,
no, I was just thinking.
I was just going to say in in in the past,
when you're sending information,
it has a string attached to it.
You know when you're communicating,
you know your handshakes and when it
handshakes back.
They can be those references and mark or
or say similar things,
but they can be that even though it's not
visible.
Yep, agreed.
You've definitely got that ID that says
and when it comes back it it links.
Yeah,
but one of the things you might choose to
do is openly show that so that there's a
reference.
So if anyone's talking about it,
any record they're looking at,
they can easily see what it refers to,
what it what it's linked to.
Yeah.
OK.
Kind of talk through this one as we've
gone,
we've got it new or new reports or the
client,
you've got the client rejection and I can
see there's quite a again that high
percentage.
Of that and then we talk a little bit
about is that can I just ask whether that
rejection rate is because they've been
added in their rejectives and if we run
that report that you do regularly that
would capture some of those rejections.
Yeah,
as they they could have been naturally
amended depending on when that report was
run.
OK, later on having to put that together.
This is the global view, no approval.
So I think I touched on this.
Is there anything that's flagged that
suddenly a rate is beyond the threshold?
That needs approving or a bit like
onboarding that slide if it's already
been redetermined. So no, no approval.
If you submit a rate, it's too high,
the client. Anyway, OK.
OK.
Are there any other teams or functions
involved in any of these processes?
I know we're obviously updating the rates
and stuff in the portals,
that's what you're doing.
But do you need to sense check any of
those rates with other teams or anything
like that before you do it?
Or have you got all the information that
you pulled from a system?
So if we just check it and we think it's
not much enough in the integrated
environment, but that would only be.
That's it's not matching up what we what
we know we've been so it's maybe not like
a standard workflow item,
but the ability to be what you say in the
task ad block as and when to Rama who
will also be on.
Yes, service now, yeah.
Or I said waiting information referred to
we can reassign, you know,
for them to look at it as well.
It could be that they also check it as
part of that workflow within the if it
needs it. Yeah,
I think it's probably more the e-mail and
team should own that to us.
Can you just asking a question?
So it's about that workflow task going
out to Rama,
then being able to provide the
information and then pick up the rest of
the steps.
Good one.
Thank you.
SLAS.
Is there anything you guys are running?
Yeah,
three days that probably can be on
approval to have them into the system.
It says three days from when the
maintenance is run.
To have the facilities in three days in
generators.
That should have been internally,
but presumably it also improves your
rejection rate of having them approved to
get them up to get them back again.
OK.
I think we talked about notifications
because you're doing it internally rather
than requester that you'll be using your
dashboards just as long as that activity.
To see.
Then we discussed, you know,
maybe there was some enrollment or
previous that need to come in to send
those notifications which would also
captions.
OK, with that,
anything we haven't touched on,
I think it's quite thorough.
No, I think we've got the trigger points.
I'm pleased that we've actually hit this
part of the sub time on boarding that it
naturally flows from that.
We've got the data fields. No,
I think that's a good,
good recommendation of those.
One form new and the amendment of and you
know,
maybe the amendment of is that it is
pulling in the previously agreed,
you know,
you know it's already capturing the value
of what you're amending on rather than
having to.
Enter. You know everything from scratch.
They're not blank.
So you get that transparency of what was
before for you to reconcile afterwards.
They could pull that record of it was,
say for example you created it previously,
it would have that details of that of
which you're amending on and you can
either add a new person or you're
amending the rate at the same time.
Would that be helpful?
You can tell that I know from what we're
seeing.
Those you prefer is that each one is
mutually exclusive. Yeah, I think.
Yeah, I think each one, each one,
each one in new tasks. Yeah, that's OK.
OK, that's fine.
Yeah,
it's something you're including later as
a reconciled activity based on the
previous one. But as you're saying,
I think I've also heard that once upload
and approve,
then you you're not reconciling anyway.
OK, OK, that's good. Got it. No,
I think you're good on that.
OK.
So generally sound OK when we talk
through that and how it's approaching it.
OK, great.
I'm sorry that then nine processes have
gone into recommendation of one form.
I'd probably just ask again from a pain
point perspective,
either internally or customers or
updating your portals,
etcetera or your rejections like Debra
said.
Is there anything else that sits across
that that's a pain at the moment?
that we haven't talked about.
Over the question,
I think you mentioned the questions that
you get asked, you know, are they done?
That sounds like a pain point,
but low volume.
Yeah, I extendly that's it.
Bill, thank you. That's good. All right.
I'm just going to take a bit of a step
back actually.
I'm more speaking to Lauren and Megan and
at the end of the day,
ServiceNow is here to help facilitate a
better end to end process for us.
So if you kind of take your blinkers off
of share wall and a ticketing system and
think about how could we get ServiceNow
to help us do our job kind of you know is
that anything in terms of.
Where you get info, how you get info,
what you don't get that we can throw onto
the table and these guys will be able to
see now you're barking mad.
We're never going to be able to do that.
But alternatively, right,
because I'm just conscious that we're
thinking about.
The pain points we have with the existing
systems and processes and trying to fix
them when actually what we're trying to
do is get a better end to end solution,
so looking at it from a different angle.
You know,
we can do this after client awarding that
can come in.
We've got the rates and matter. You know,
there is that source over here that we
can pull on, as you said,
it's to make it better. You know,
it's not in its own ecosystem e-billing.
You've got lots around you to pull upon
which will make your life.
You know,
because actually evening and you already
know this,
you're you're the most out of all the
work streams.
You have the highest volume of activity.
I think it's like 7000 a month compared
to, you know,
not I'm saying the others are just low
volume, high, high into and close senses.
So you have a lot of.
Activity over 11 of you over the month.
That's a large queue. So yeah,
as Lynn was saying,
there's a ecosystem that you fit within
to pull upon and you have touched upon
them around the, you know, rates.
Awarding the portals, etcetera.
But anything you can want to extract and
you have it all at your fingertips anyway,
but service now can be those connectors
for that.
I think that's the other thing just to be
conscious of,
which why I was asking about Rama earlier
as we go through this week,
we're obviously going to speak to.
All the finance teams will be asking the
same questions and your own processes.
Do you touch on other teams?
Because actually once we've gone through
all the teams,
we don't have that documented just now,
but we should be able to have sight based
on what you guys are pulling out of what
that looks like,
which then leads into the intent piece
that actually.
We can step out a little bit more and see
if we could join all these up,
we could move a little bit of this around
and it makes it a lot easier from that
end to end perspective.
So just keep that in mind.
If you're speaking to key teams through
the processes,
just call them out so we can capture it
and we can start to draw that what that
picture looks like.
I think actually the next one,
I mean probably client onboarding,
I think one of the other work streams
that we will carry this forward into
their time keeper rates as particular to
yourself invoicing which will come to
next. I think that connecting,
connecting that's all we'll get into that
connecting conversations.
I think it was across the whole work
stream,
so I'm going to take your conversations
in, as you said,
build them into a process for.
Um.
And then we and the client on boarding
triggering process that can aid with this.
And the communications between the
rejection of the importance. Yeah,
that's good.
We we do have invoicing to go into next,
but it is quite a hefty piece as you are
aware. Yeah,
or do we want to do manage accruals first
and then then have a coffee for invoice?
OK.
You can lunch however you want. Yeah,
but actually even then I put manage
invoices one because it has multiple
scenarios within it, but that's.
They must say that's funny.
Manage accruals, as you say, easy.
There's three processes associated with
that. And again,
you've got media and client accruals.
They were very much saying the new,
probably new and.
Administration of it. Is that fair to say?
Yes, that we knew a cause coming in.
It's generally triggered from the client
portals.
You know to say our call call window is
opened and you submit these by X deadline
OK and then we the information and then
that into the portal.
There's a few ways that we gather that
information.
So we put it directly from 3E or there's
certain clients,
certain partners that we they want to
submit,
they want to give us the bigger to submit
and what's the percent?
How many of those out of your 59?
Is that low volume or most of them?
Out of Alice, we have four hundreds,
430 evening clients.
I probably say 60 rest of the world.
We have two recruits each month.
Sometimes they're monthly,
sometimes they're quarterly, right?
Most of them are monthly and I think.
About 30 to 40 in Australia. OK,
but they're always triggered from the
client and also they send this new
notifications, right?
And those and then three E's rather you
say is the other 3 E's where we pull the
information. Oh yeah.
OK.
So I've our recommendation again is that
global view,
is that fair to say that you can have it
as one management of that and so it's not
a schedule request that you do activities
or it's?
Come from the e-portal a bit like we were
saying before,
you know that handshake with that
notification can be incorporated where
you get that information schedule it and
we just OK the notification to last time,
Yep.
Internal. Again, it's not requested by.
It's an internal activity similar to the
timekeeper rates. It's not visible.
No exceptions.
I know you had a one that was customer
relations. There's no exceptions to that,
but it needs to be visible from them.
But but these guys.
But that's that comes in from a
notification of you. Oh,
that's what it plan is. Oh, OK.
But the reporting team needs to be able
to raise it.
They've raised the discrepancy.
No, no.
They only send me some clients that will
go to out since January and send it over
to us, but it will come from your request.
You've got to send it.
So we have the back end, the E billing,
the E billing, Yep.
Now I've got lots of different inputs in
here that you captures,
so you can go through those.
So you'll have clients,
you'll have different accrual amounts,
date, range, etcetera,
assigned to these standard things that
we've got concerns now.
I'll get to whether there's any
regulatory or compliant issues that you
have with that.
Notes within the amount.
It would just be able to filter it when
we run them in 43 is some of the client
code in OK client and then it was which
is the cleaner and it will build all the
matters that have good balances on them.
We'll pull them out and then we match
that up to the auto.
So on the client side they'll have their
e-mail in reference, then yeah,
reference and then we just match it up to
what we have. OK, that's good. OK,
so you've got some referencing client
code referencing.
You can reference it.
What else you wanna name client code
reference even reference client code?
OK.
And again,
probably talking of blended anything as
you said,
it's not reproducing the as is just right
once before.
Is there anything in there that you would
think actually this if you have this
piece of information that would be very
useful,
it would help us with our reporting or?
Day-to-day management.
It would aid us to answer questions that
we didn't have today.
It's just the standards.
Update the accrual and then the accrual.
Yeah,
the information slide is the cleaner
number in the request is coming from the
client and then we know that.
I don't think there's any way which on
the back of it. So it's cleaner,
which is the client's ultimate client
number, yes.
So.
And if there's anything in the background
that you could then reference be like
Goldman Sachs,
that's the only number and it would be
really helpful. Thank you.
And it pops up all the.
Their balance or their whip balances or
their what information you want to
extract from that?
You still need to run the report just to
have that to have that in the background
because it would just be OK a metrics of
my client name against that.
So than us we we saw this information
separately in an Excel document.
So we put it from this and saves us
having to go from that.
OK.
So if I was to take that back to client
on boarding, if you had that reference,
that particular reference against that
record,
would that help you as a capture of
fields?
So if you want to actually on client on
boarding,
that's certainly as you said as a field
that can enrich your current process, OK.
Or in what systems the social truth
physical number. OK,
so is that something you would want to be
pulled out and identify that it's that
particular client? Yeah, potentially.
On that one, Yeah. Is that correct?
That's a complete guess. Is that right?
Unique number.
Is that the is it something you find
unique?
I think that can be a quiz for Rama.
Um.
Maybe we could do a TQI quiz at the end
of this. Uh, all the acronyms that we use.
That's good.
That's with yourself, internally, evenly,
and again from that skills mate,
which you can assign accordingly.
I think with this to expect you don't
need two teams in Glasgow,
only one person just does our records.
But in Brisbane, they do it per plan.
Again, this was matrix.
So can you chat about that as a team?
One person just does. OK,
and then when they're awake,
it's auto assigned to.
Somebody else, somebody else. Oh, many.
OK, so so does that be going to continue?
Yeah. Or is that?
I think it goes that way just in terms of
the quality of the head count.
So as you've written before,
we've had a heavy one in.
I was going to work,
spread out a lot more different skill
levels, things like that, a junior.
I've seen just checked what the the team
members in laws, but.
Those that are registered given this.
So I'm not where it's it's slightly
processes Australia their partners like
to tell us what to put in the portal,
whereas in the rest of the log they're
like go by three E what's sitting on the
block of variables partner preference.
Yeah, I was gonna say.
That will be on I can do that.
I was going to say that was the
difference.
The only difference in the process maps
really is that Australia goes has a
request sent to the practice executive,
whereas the rest of the world says it
goes through the reporting team, OK.
OK.
And I would to your point,
is that moving forward?
You get that assigning it to one person,
you get a single point of failure or you
can do.
So it may be addressed and it becomes an
assignment group of which then can be
also assigned based on the client or the
rest of the world,
but not always to always singularly
channel.
For one person,
once we see that skills metrics,
it will be something something we can do.
Yeah, I'm glad. Sorry, sorry to interrupt.
I'm glad you raised that because I was
going to flag the same thing. You don't.
You kind of don't want it to go direct to
an individual by workflow because if
they're not there,
it's harder to recover that if for any
reason, as I say,
they're poorly or whatever,
but their logic would be.
So you'd have an assignment group and
then you know that might be they might be
the primary person who assigns that
ticket to them to work on,
but it does give you cover if you know if
that individual isn't isn't present.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. We assign essentially.
We'll do that as standard anyway. Yeah,
yeah, absolutely.
We covered the country's strategics with
one form split by clients and school
lectures. So that's good. Thank you.
Reference Cluner we got there. Yeah,
we covered the CLU number on that
workflow. As you said,
you obtain it from your mechanisms portal.
That's very good. That's that's clear.
Got that there.
Yeah,
no approval processes associated with it.
No,
I think you mentioned before like live
peer reviews, but no checks.
No client specific again. OK. Yeah.
So what I don't know whether certain
clients have,
I mean in the past I've written certain
clients, even though they don't know this,
that they're ranked platinum, gold,
silver, bronze, how we rank them,
of course they will believe that they're
platinum.
And that's the things that they get,
but if there's any associated things that
you have to turn around the different
clients.
No,
the only deadline will be when the window
shuts.
So depending they'll they'll put a
deadline in the they need to be split on
this deadline.
This deadline otherwise we can't get into
it. How how long is the window open for?
It depends. Sometimes it's two days,
sometimes it's week.
Service now comes in that you get those,
you know, notifications, pre-population.
It does the heavy lifting for you to turn
around to say for two days and you know.
The same clients have the same window
open for the same length of time,
or they could be depends on as well.
So they can send a request on a Saturday,
probably not until the Monday.
So that shortens it down from five days
to yes, three days so.
So, OK, so again,
go in mind for the service now can do a
lot of that also assignment pick,
you know anything where it reduces the
SLAS for you.
I think we've captured a lot of that to
do that for you.
I've been really good as well as I think.
On the like the date that it's due
because we're looking at the body of the
text, yes.
So you then have that metric going like
you've got.
We've had it before where we've missed it
because we haven't.
It's not as easy to scope out and and the
date you mean window closed, yes.
I'll just throw a couple of things in
here and they might be out of place and
we'll cover it either here or somebody
else. One is.
The pacer or the priority that we give it
could well be the date the invoice was
raised.
Which is different to the date that we
receive it. OK,
so an invoice can be raised,
but it doesn't find its way to the
e-billing team for weeks,
sometimes longer for the 30 day payment
or whatever.
Pressure.
But now what could have happened is that
a partner is raising something to get it
off of their whip.
So reduce their whip and the not that I'm
sure any partner ever does this and it
sits in a drawer.
Because they're not ready to send it to
the client because they may not have had
a discussion with the client about that
particular invoice.
So then when we receive it, it's urgent,
right?
So it's urgent because it's 60 days old.
Well, actually we just received it,
so that can end up having an impact.
On the priority that we may need to
assign because that is sitting in each
whip versus each debt and impacts are the
other one, the other point that.
Rightly or wrongly,
it can be who's the partner. Yeah.
So there's some partners that we will,
you know,
if we do not deal with that problem,
it just goes all the way up the tree and
all the way back down the tree and I'm
getting involved in it and then I draw
Yeah.
Sandeep in and then.
Sandy draws these guys in and all of a
sudden, you know,
Yeah.
the management effort outweighs sometimes
the value of the invoice, yeah.
So that.
Yeah.
So that that I think there's there's two
important sort of points on that one is
about tracking where you have that
discrepancy,
where it's sat in that situation.
So you can report on it and then actually
raise that up the stack so that you know
part of the organisational shift in terms
of the importance.
Not leaving something sitting in a drawer,
not lagging on it or you know,
whatever those, you know,
whatever those delays are.
But to capture date of which it was
raised,
dates of which you get it and some sort
of reasoning is an important bit of MI
that can actually help your organization
broadly because that level of failure
demand.
Talk about your your escalations to your
point of who and what levels get involved
is actually significantly costly and
often goes goes hidden.
So so we do need to think about a way of
capturing those so that you've got it and
you can report on it out of ServiceNow.
Yeah.
And anything that we can do on that
probably would be really helpful.
It's a hard one, you know,
when the firm is saying bill, bill, bill,
all right, like this is October,
Yeah.
it's our half year end and emails go
around,
partners go and bill everything that you
can.
Yeah,
we don't mean bill everything we can,
but then don't send the invoice.
We just bill to target,
which means what we then see and maybe
when we get to the billing team and
billing reversals, we see day one to five.
A high volume of reversals,
but this team will never have seen the
invoice. Yeah,
and that's part of the activity, isn't it?
Yeah.
Is ServiceNow does that,
making that life easier.
All those things that you said,
there is a voice. Yeah,
there is an opportunity for us.
To think and we are considering it,
but it has to be done in a way where we
can control and manage it,
where once a bill is raised within X
number of days,
it automatically gets issued. All right,
so if that is.
The kind of standard ways of working,
IE within seven days of a bill being
raised,
it's automatically issued and every
partner knows that and they only have
seven days to sort it and that might stop
some of the poor behaviours of raising
the invoice in the 1st place.
There is an opportunity that we're not
ready to do that yet because some of the
other challenges in lots of different
places,
but it is something that we'll be
thinking about going forward.
I was going to say like future model,
we might say,
Yeah.
well actually we can start to put in ways
to prevent the bad behaviour.
So something might be actually sent to
business implementation.
We have a date received which you will
get a response back in certain amount of
days which then triggers the SLAS which
is also shown as well.
So you're going to start setting global
standard that actually this is what you
need to do.
If you want to get out quickly,
you need to act really quickly as well on
your side and I think this is hard to do
Yeah.
that though because it's a partner model
which is very hard to do that.
We're looking at E invoicing system and
statutory requirement across Europe for
all bills to be issued as an E bill,
right.
And then we are looking at that as part
of Sandeep's not here today,
but in one of the other sessions we can
maybe give get him to.
There's a bit of an update on that which
we could use that system to, you know,
to automatically push out bills that we
probably can't at the moment. So yeah,
we can build these.
So I was going to say these services can
So one one of.
be built to orchestrate as well.
So it could be just go straight to a team
to manage.
You know,
support and drive the the creation of
that invoice,
but you can also get it so it can
actually trigger certain points in other
systems.
I'm not saying we do that right now,
but that might be the next iteration.
They start saying right,
we've got SLAS in place,
that's the middle ground because now the
business knows how long we can expect to
see that that process.
And then it's OK, even further than that,
we're going to automate and push it
through even quicker.
If you don't respond in time,
it's automatically going through and
that's where reverses might say, well,
there's a lot of things that we have to
reverse there. So yeah,
we do need to kind of talk through some
of that.
We we probably reverse about 30% of our
bills at the moment every month.
Wow. Wow.
Also value and volume globally. I mean,
I think it's like 18% of rejection.
You know,
there's lots of stuff that we thought,
So they they they just.
well,
if we can get that information upfront to
reduce that rejection rate,
that would be great in capturing these
these datas, I mean these points.
It might seem small,
but every one of them is an insight and
it tells a picture. As you said,
it might be that it's always the same
Yeah.
partner or it's always or the same client,
you know,
Yeah.
you get these and then you start to
answer questions that you can probe and.
Everyone's part of Ashes,
it's part of the global community and
they've got to model the challenges is
actually getting to the reason.
I know that the guys do look at reversals,
but quite often it's it's.
Be able to understand the reason for that
reversal,
which is not necessarily documented.
I think Lauren tell me,
is it documented in the Billings?
Yeah.
So we try and get that data out of three
and obviously we don't want to replicate
3 E and you know the system,
but I was just conscious of the date that
we receive it will not always be recent
and that therefore drives some of the
pressure to move it faster.
Because we want the bill paid,
it's half year or it's year end or it's
the client's year end or you know,
there's all these different combinations
Yeah.
that could change the priority.
I think we've all been subjected that
someone's delay becomes our obligation to
fix it.
Yeah.
Which is something we want to change.
Along the along those lines,
one of the things that you know,
you might want to consider doing right,
even though it's not something we're
going to solve right now,
but is is getting seniors to be able to
start positioning where you're heading,
the importance of these things,
what we're going to.
Stop.
Measuring reporting on because you might
actually just by early signposting we
might actually find that you can start
shifting behaviors if people think
they're going to get measured on
something and reported on etcetera.
Because the other thing you can do
enclose your records.
So if you're doing reversal you can you
know if that's.
Activities, you know,
can be captured or managed.
I'm assuming it's going to be one of
these processes somewhere down the line.
You can categorise the core,
the cause of that reversal,
then again you can report against it.
I was just asked and just I've been that
partnership model before the is there any
kind of like practice leads or business
unity to so like any work that's
remaining by March the 21st automatically
gets pushed through that gets claims and
and we bill for that.
So the firm obviously wants to reduce its
lock up, you know, as much as possible.
Therefore practice heads can be as bad as
yeah, you know, the challenges also.
The types of deals that we run. So um,
if you think about not all deals,
you could just bill every month, right?
We don't, you can't bill in advance,
you can only bill in arrears.
It could be it's milestone billing or it
could be end of end of the, you know,
the transaction that we bill.
So what we're trying to do is help the
partners can actually put their
commercial head on.
Not that I'm saying partners aren't
commercial,
but there's a lot of them that are not
very commercial because they look at it
from a perspective of, well,
I'm earning lots of money I charge,
so we must make a profit. Well,
maybe not if you're.
Doesn't come in for, you know, 18 months.
That deal's not been complete and we've
not received any money,
so it's a bit of a bounce.
It's a bit of a balancing game, you know,
about billing regularly,
but no false billing,
the ones that just go in the drawer it's.
So yeah,
that that that drives their own
behaviours.
Billing targets drives their own
behaviours.
Billing target drives them to bill,
not necessarily to raise a bill, right.
So if you think about it,
we want to do is the target,
what we're trying to move,
we've got billing and collections targets.
And actually trying to encourage the
collections target on the basis that in
order to collect you have to have raised
the bill. So focusing more,
not quite got there yet in terms of
switching the tap off.
Yeah.
So at the moment they have a billing
target,
they will have a collections target.
Yeah, that's a classic case of, you know,
metrics and measures driving the wrong
behaviour that you're that you're
describing.
Don't believe you're such right, Mark.
Yeah.
Another legal firm I worked with the the
collection target.
Every partner actually had a target and
if they were late or if there was any
delay,
there were two things that happened. One,
there was a collective punishment.
So if you're in a particular op unit or
team, if one of you didn't hit it,
all of you were in the bad books. Yeah,
all never do that.
You charge the penalty.
So you say it's not real money,
it's toy money or wooden money you can
say,
but you say it's actually 5% of whatever
that value is. Something to think about.
It's it's an interesting one,
not one that you'd have to convince me
about.
It's all the CEO that you need to
convince me.
Generally the punitive targets in place,
but very, very seldom. So for instance,
if we if we look at in July,
we didn't hit our overall collections in
the target.
And therefore part of drawings are
withheld, right.
So the drawings are withheld for the full
equity partners,
not the partial equity partners and they
have to make that up.
So over in October now if they hit the
half year end then that.
Will get paid.
So it's not it's it's just gets delayed
payment.
That's it's not something that is done
often or punitively. I think it's more.
A camaraderie of let's just lean in
together, let's get it done.
So it's just something that I don't think
we can influence.
We can provide statistics,
we can provide reports that helps like
the CEO, the CEO,
the ET to recognise the behaviours.
And then go and have the words with the
division heads or the practice heads.
Like my boss is quite often used as
somebody that goes and has the
conversation with the real partners that
are maybe just sitting on.
It's just getting raised, reversed,
raised, reversed, raised, reversed, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Come on, guys.
Is it really that way? Yeah.
That's what Zach was going to say is that
Yep.
we we're not going to be able to fix that
process as part of this,
but how much insight can we give?
How much transformation can we give?
The insight would be brilliant.
That would help my boss sort of bring it
to the table and just demonstrate it.
You know,
this is the some of the behaviours that
we're, yeah.
Yeah.
So I think that's one of the things that
we need to think about.
Are there additional data fields that we
want to add in there that can just allow
you to kind of have that conversation as
well and just kind of have a see you see
your conversation says look,
we've got all these metrics and
statistics that shows us why this is
happening. Here you go.
Now I'll go to that conversation.
Yeah, yeah. Julian,
that was the point I was going to raise
Oh.
that as we're going through this to think
about any additional data captures to
enable that very reporting. So good point.
To go through them about now,
I'm going to go back to client onboarding
for additional fields.
Is there something within that client
onboarding that you can say they're going
to bill monthly, they're going to bill,
you know,
is there something that we can capture
upfront that gives you that insight?
Is that something that we can add?
I'm just wondering if it's not on the NBI
forum. Do you hold on? It is on the NBI.
It's so much specific.
It could be an ultimate plan.
I'll take Goldman Sachs, for instance.
Most of the work in London's monthly
Australia,
it's really on the monthly billing cycle,
but everything else in between can be.
Milestone,
it could be and dramatic could be when
we're in funds. So it really just depends,
but at least capturing what I'm saying is
that there is the ability on that client
or boarding that we could capture some of
those initial insights anyway that feeds
into the ongoing and then we're not
uploading an invoice for example.
But it should come back to the contract.
It should be come come back to the
If there is 6 log.
contractual agreement.
Where is all the boundaries of the
contract to agreement,
which usually says whether it's milestone,
whether it's work complete or whether
it's monthly on timesheet or whatever.
You know,
do that that sort of control of the
contract and then using that to support
this process.
Yeah, that's pretty key.
So I I I've actually not seen the NBI for
myself, Mark,
but I'm going to go away at some point
today and dig it out actually and just
see how much information is captured in
terms of the the terms and how you know.
Yeah, because it might,
it might be that adjusting something up
front in there to grab that then helps
you downstream processes.
Oh, you would not.
Don't say try and get the NBI form.
I've had one of my peers has spent two
years negotiating just to get a tick on
the box to see that the e-billing.
It's an e-billing client. Is that right,
Oh, wow.
Lauren? I think Sam was on this for two.
Two years trying to just get a box
changed on the NBI form.
Did you get it changed? We we did,
but it's been two years of how it's log.
So um,
trying to get that NBI form changed is
not something that um.
Is easily done, unfortunately.
I think it was probably to Mark's point
Yeah.
of extracting the information within that.
Yeah, that we can leverage. Yeah,
I was going to ask this earlier and I'm
maybe just going to expose.
Pop.
And obviously we did billing on Friday,
but in the process billing comes before
e-billing.
So maybe really oversimplifying it,
but is there a way where if somebody
requests the bill,
so ServiceNow is a request for a bill.
And we also know that this client is an
e-billing client and when that bill is
that request is raised and then it is
fulfilled by the billing team that then
it becomes an approval request to have a
practice executive, somebody like that.
And then the triggers the e-billing
request.
Without that kind of request having to be
placed on the portal and obviously it was
rejected and gets a vandal or something,
but is there a way that we can maybe link
the billing and the e-billing request?
To a make it one for the request rather
than two,
and then also possibly eliminate some of
this dead space in the middle,
notwithstanding what said about, you know,
the potential seven day rule,
but even just as it stands,
we'll link those.
Do we,
do we maybe make that easier and reduce
some of the the lock up time? Yes,
certainly.
I think we've got all the process.
I know that we're doing work streams and
that we're in this order. You're right,
we'll we don't want to make them
exclusive.
Activity and once we've probably got to
the end of the week and we've got it all
together in the right,
it will be where we're joining it.
That's the entry point to that.
That will trigger that really just the
work for accordingly,
but certainly that's on our radar as well.
So we only have centralized point for UK.
Yeah. So every other country,
it's decentralized and driven by the so
practice executive and not through the
paths.
So we only deal with the UK and even at
that we allow them to do some of their
own billing themselves.
OK.
OK,
we might want to break for lunch shortly.
The only thing we didn't touch on. Yeah,
notifications. Again,
notifications on different activities.
Notifications back to the client if it's
done or you know anything like that or at
the moment as you said,
following all of your activities is going
to be group dashboard. Anyway,
what's come in you're getting that
notification aren't you pretty cool
because the window is open already.
But it's that handshake back or how we
managed. We don't go back.
The fact that it's done it and the
window's closed and it's probably picked
up on the next approval window. Yeah,
once it's closed. If we haven't done it,
the climate will be.
So.
It's notifications,
but our own say if we've got a deadline
date, if it triggers,
I know 24 hours before closing.
So we know, yes,
got it just in case it slips through the
net.
If it's still like an outstanding request
that we haven't closed down,
your dashboard could be, you know,
breaching that you can get, you know,
that would be clear and on the third one
of your dashboard for anything that's
about to close or to be breached.
Becomes priority. Yeah,
that'd be very good together.
There could be could be sitting with me
and I know it gets to you guys tomorrow.
I'd be coming tomorrow and somewhere
they're using that trigger and that will
all be displaced. So it doesn't.
Nobody becomes a walking.
I think that the activity is.
Just.
Especially this, if we don't submit it,
then we'll find us 10,000 lbs.
Josh.
So it's quite important.
If we don't submit our rate, the accrual,
And.
Yeah.
they will find us 10,
000 so month for every every month that
Yeah.
we don't submit the rate for.
So they can refuse to pay any worse.
And what's that percentage?
How often does that?
We haven't had it yet in years.
So just sorry Josh,
just on the wording of that you you you
Yep.
want,
you want the system to make it working
hours so that you don't get 24 hours on a
Saturday, you know on a weekday.
So that needs to be working hours.
Yes,
some of our windows shut out over the
weekend helpfully well through bank
holidays and stuff like that.
Yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly.
So what what that mean is you get the you
get the notification with enough work
days to be able to recover it.
Could go, yeah.
That's a good point, Mark.
And I think that that rule applies to our
SLAS as well across ITSI and others as
well.
It's all working hours for the teams not,
yeah.
Thanks.
Yeah.
OK, perfect. Went in a few areas there,
but all good stuff.
I think we've covered everything.
Clear on.
Everything in that process. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. Um, as I said,
I can't if you'd be aware of this window
that you've got the item. Yeah. OK,
that's good. Thank you.
You've got to do that very well. Um,
that's some of the triggers.
Yeah. So a few things to follow up on,
but again,
generally what we've talked about if we
put that into action, yeah.
OK,
I think we definitely need a quick break.
Should we go for lunch? Where are we at?
It was one.
Early lunch? Yeah. OK, all right.
And we thought, yeah, we have to.
All right,
let's prepare ourselves for invoices and
take a lunch then. Yeah, for reasoning.
Um, the pain points of that. So, yeah,
yeah. Thank you. Thank you this morning.
Yeah, thanks. So 1:15 returns.
Is that OK with everyone? Yeah.
Yeah, sounds good.
Yes.
All right.
Thank you. Thank you. See you.
Right. Thank you very much. Yeah, 1:15.
OK, OK.
That.
All right.
So OK, that should be OK.
One, yes.
It's just absolutely obvious.
Yeah, I think I'm.
No, because.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you. I'm a T level. I'll see that.
Yeah, that'd be worse than this. I know.
I'm really shortly as well.
It's a whole pot,
then I'll put it back one.
Yes.
Oh, really? I think I'm doing that. Oh,
I see what you mean.
I think I use it as my mouth. It's my.
Actually, you know,
the coffee or the kitchen was a little
bit. You get to hear shows and sort of.
I mean, I mean.
No, it's probably not. It's not.
It's always something for anyone to see.
It's always something. Yeah,
I say the complaints department
initiative at 7:00 PM,
but it's always something.
She she has to go up.
I think my mom did say that at the end of
the day. If you got that she increased.
So you haven't told me that. I'm just.
And it seems to me,
so I'm obviously allowed. I have,
I don't have.
Oh, it's the best. No, thank you.
I definitely wasn't because it's,
you know, it's next 20,
so I don't know what it is,
but I didn't know how. I just took my.
I think it's something going out.
Are you coming up for lunch? Yes,
it's coming up. Yeah, I know.
I'll have something to do now that I'm
going to walk it up otherwise.
Yeah, no, it's more.
And there's always something.
We're leaving.
It's this coming. I just can't.
He's speaking, said. I've moved her laser.
It would just.
So like that's what he's doing and it's
certainly this.
I think it's on the language.
It's become from a position of privilege.
Yeah, one privilege approach. He don't.
Yeah, understand.
She has to and and as I don't know
everything.
But it's just getting people on site
today. It's like what happened on Friday.
And you know it's natural to and do when
you're I think we start.
You don't know.
I don't know because there was no,
there was no,
there was no nothing to see that that was
whether we find the problem.
I mean,
actually I don't have a conference,
but like I was here and then the person I
was in the car, I to see was driving.
And we have to be advocating still quite
a bit, but then they actually.
Because I think it's wrong because it's
about the support and that and they just
need to think that. So no,
it's exactly that.
But I think it's connected to not so it's
been like that already.
So you have to continue this.
So sometimes at least you get.
Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it.
You kind of have to.
You have to go through those pencils.
She just doesn't.
People think, I think somewhere,
somewhere on social media.
A lot of people she was getting messages.
Somebody that she.
We can't. It's like, I hope. Yeah,
we want to piece it all together. Yeah,
but it just anchors. So she's nice.
That's why I said she's tired.
Yeah, unfortunately, yeah, I'm not,
but she just doesn't want to.
Yeah, well, sorry. No, that makes sense.
And up until she wants to let me know,
I think.
Yeah, yeah, actually, yeah,
it's hard to keep to do.
My audience question to be asked.
I don't. I just. Yeah.
And I'll chat to change something.
I think I'll be doing the other sessions
as I say. I need to be kick. Yeah,
how to be told to managers.
So that when they come in to bring,
they come in and says this is my solution.
It's supposed to you're just asking me a
stream of questions and if it doesn't
work, you will ask me a question.
That's my big question, I think.
I don't understand.
I don't think it's like we're making.
Yeah, it's perfect.
I just need.
Jokes. Yeah. We can have the energy, yeah.
And then these kinds of.
It's your weekend. It's good.
I saw Friday on Saturday.
Oh, that's lovely.
She's living in London when we both live
there in Ashley, Glasgow. Oh, no,
it's that's like that's good. And yes,
and I want to hang up.
I know I wanted to see the castle.
I'm so busy. I'll have to take it.
It's because you've got to have terms
since the end of the Scottish.
The only ones that go into the tartan
shops and the cash.
Junk person who's at the list.
Tell me didn't bite me. Oh, all right.
Yeah, well, we'll be. Oh,
she's a bit twice. Sorry.
I just have a look. I went up the shop,
but I was full all night.
It's it's quite clean actually.
It's just it was it's beautiful.
But I was just thinking like clearing
power and I said that's it's during the
festival. You literally.
Camel walks like that with St.
artists as well as it's by the nights,
but it's a bit intense.
But it's a lot because when I walked to
the restaurant on Thursday night,
it was right.
We had a since like you cannot really
small portions,
like 6 portions and you need off the
space things. Sorry, it's so not funny.
It kept popping up with my social media.
It looked really. I've never been to it.
I forget a lot about it.
I only talked to you by, but so this like,
you look like.
So you kind of got a rain, oh,
and then that was the dessert.
So they burned it. So it was really, yeah,
it was really pretty. Um,
so I only took two fries.
So it's it's just beautiful and their
food was good and it was so nice.
You know, it's a chance when you go to,
like, they were really friendly.
They explained everything to us.
It's great. That's good. Yes. Well,
you had a good time. Yeah.
I'm having feedback to Dubai for this.
She said that she's having a comment.
It's happy. Just in a quick 2020 minutes.
Yeah,
she gave me some feedback when I'm
talking to some actions and I said listen.
I'm going to push back on the guidance in
terms of, yeah,
and that was trying to get them to use a
system. That's it.
So it would be team, my team,
if we're doing sales and interest season,
we're doing skills and interest,
which is what I should be doing.
If allocation are based on this skills
and a couple of things.
Chop it.
City was just.
So he's.
We should change this session.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Do do we have four?
I'm not even saying that.
I can't remember.
Do you just got to ask me to see?
Here's the information that we need in
order to do it.
That's the job feedback.
I knew that someone said that.
At some point I'm like trying to stick
minutes.
OK.
Yeah, so.
Oh.
OK.
But.
It.
Thank you.
OK.
We did it in. Yeah, it was late.
I'll just. I'll be.
And it's also the pace that is nice.
It was after I think I met. Yeah,
I'm going to try and batch.
No.
OK.
I.
OK.
Sorry.
You.
G.